Good afternoon,
ladies and gentlemen,
or perhaps good evening if you're in internet time zone,
what does that even mean if you somewhere else on the planet.
That's what I'm trying to say.
Ah,
this episode.
And by the way,
they would just,
we just had another thing where we had to go forward in time.
Did you get that right?
Yeah,
it's tough.
Jumped for it.
Me,
amber.
Especially when you're at a bar hammered.
Yeah.
My Dad was an hour late picking me up at the airport yesterday.
Of course.
Cause he forgot this episode is brought to you by stamps.com.
Here's a way to save time.
Other than that,
going to the er or going to the post office to send your packages,
it's always a pain in the ass.
Uh,
getting the measures on a scale.
And if you're running a small business and you're selling shit online,
if you're not,
you should do that.
Cause it's a way better than having a boss.
But stamps.com is a way that you can do it all from the comfort of your own home
with your own home computer and a regular printer.
You can print us postage right there in your office.
Uh,
they give you a free digital scale.
If you use the code word j,
R E and they're $110 bonus offer,
which includes $55 of free postage and a free digital scale that you are not to
use for mushrooms and you can measure your packages and print official us
postage right there from your office and send it through stamps.com it saves you
a ton of money and you know,
all you have to do is package everything up,
printed up,
put the labels on,
give them to the post man,
thank you.
You cut a whole process out.
If the postage changes,
stamps.com is on the ball ahead of time so you don't have to worry about it.
And you really shouldn't be fucking complaining about postage.
I'm so tired.
But the students went up to 40 minutes
is the bargain of the universe 49 cents and you can take a piece of paper across
the country that's fucking ridiculous that you would even complain about that.
And some dude in shorts will bring it to your door and they have a car that has
a steering wheel on the wrong side of the road
is a commitment to live delivering you mail anyway,
go to stamps.com before you do anything,
click on the microphone on the homepage and type in j r e that stamps.com j r e
were also brought to you by ting with ting is a mobile company that does things
well.
They they like to try to cut out all the bullshit that you'd normally get when
you have cell phone service.
All the bullshit like,
like early termination fees and these add ons that you weren't aware of when you
signed up for a contract.
They don't have contracts.
You can cancel anytime you want.
They sell you only what you use.
So instead of having not,
you have a hundred monthly minutes,
how often you fucking use a hundred minutes.
I mean shouldn't you just pay for what you use?
Well that's how Tang has it set up.
If you use more,
you pay more.
If you use less you pay less.
But the bottom line is that 98% of people would save money if they use ting.
Ting is also a company that uses this sprint backbone,
so it's a real cell phone provider.
It's not some Mickey Mouse Shit that somebody slapped together with tape.
It's fucking sprint and you can get a cell phone from them.
One of the highest end android phones available.
Like they have the HTC one,
which is a beautiful phone.
They have a Samsung phone,
the galaxy s four the galaxy note three.
They have all the high end beautiful android phones and you just feel better
about the transaction.
It's doesn't feel icky.
It feels like you're giving them money for a good service,
but you're not getting fucked with any weird shit that they tack on.
It's like a burner phone.
Joe,
it sounds like what senators here to pick up mail and drug dealers in Baltimore?
No,
it's an awesome company.
Go to rogan.ting.com and save $25 off your first device.
You know they're also working with iPhones now.
Yes.
Just recently they started hello.
You know phones.
Yeah.
Which is great,
but you know,
the iPhone thing is,
uh,
I've got a weird thing going on with them because of this bitcoin thing.
I think bitcoin is a fascinating subject and um,
yeah,
there's going to be people that blow a lot of money on it.
There's going to be,
it's going to go up and down.
I mean,
there's a lot going on with it.
People may be trying to sabotage it,
but the bottom line is you can't get an apple bitcoin wallet APP.
Like they canceled their app to App,
had 120,000 downloads.
I don't know.
But that's disrespectful to the community,
to the bitcoin community in my opinion.
I don't know if bitcoin is ever going to work out or not work out,
but I do know that I can,
I don't want to support a company that does something like that.
Like if if these applications or doing something deceptive,
then I think there should be some sort of a press release explaining what
deceptive practices were being done by these apps that made you remove them.
But I find it odd if I can get all these different bitcoin wallets for Android,
but when I look on iPhone,
this fucking nothing.
I don't,
that's,
that can't be a coincidence.
You can't tell me that,
that Google is so negligent that they allow these people to get on their,
their,
their network and sell these apps and no one is,
no one's stopping all the exploits.
No one's stopping on the bullshit.
Or is apple just keeping them from coming on their platform?
Who knows?
It's interesting.
I think this is a,
a critical time for something like a bitcoin because it's what it's not even
about.
It might not even about bitcoin and might be about what bitcoin becomes and you
know,
people saying it's not perfect.
They want to kill it.
Like,
Whoa,
slow the fuck down.
Why would you kill this?
Like what is this?
Let's look at what this could be.
Because what it is right now,
it's like some sort of a computer program and a new form of currency,
but if you kill it,
it never grows into what it could have become.
We money used to be fucking knots on a rope.
Okay.
It used to be like these weird handmade coins made of precious metals.
Right?
And now it's paper like how did it and now it's numbers.
It's ones and Zeros.
It's numbers in a computer somewhere.
You can't tell me that money can't evolve like everything else,
like fucking processing
system.
Like,
like,
like a computer,
like a television.
Things get more complex,
they get better.
They tightened down,
they figured out if you've got all these smart people working on this bit coin
thing,
cause a lot of really intelligent people invested in this idea of making the
economy more stable with this sort of a currency,
a currency that can't be fucked with or trace.
That's fascinating.
I like,
isn't it like more a not,
it's more anonymous that's yes.
Yes.
It's more anonymous.
You know what,
man,
I think that we,
the idea of only going the way we're going and only using the methods that we're
using right now.
It's ridiculous.
I think it's ridiculous.
Well,
and also the upper level of a,
of currency trading is always has been virtual for a long time.
You know,
when banks borrow overnight rates and all that kind of stuff,
there's no,
there's no movement of paper going on.
It's just a computer click here,
there.
Yeah,
we got way off track.
This is supposed to be a tin commercial,
but I get fucking crazy when it comes to these things.
And I'm sorry to interrupt you.
I met,
I met a guy at a wedding years ago who's a world famous seashell expert.
I sat with him at the same table,
so we were chatting boring wedding and that sounds like a boring fucking
conversation.
Double check it out like this guy because it came up because you know,
Cassie mentioned Mozambican.
He's like,
Oh,
I've been to Mozambique four times collecting shells.
It's like this amazing place.
So I mean,
the guy goes all over the world.
Anyway,
he told me,
you know how we're talking about currency.
When the Dutch supposedly bought Manhattan Island from the Indians for Wampum,
right.
They paid them in Wampum and what wampum was as most school kids,
no seashells,
like sewn onto a belt.
Right?
Yeah.
But what he told me was that there are a particular type of seashell that only
grew in this one bay that was controlled by this one tribe.
So they sort of had a monopoly.
It's like the America,
the dollar at this point,
the reserve currency.
Right.
And it would emanate out from there.
So with the touch did was they went and figuring out what shell it was and they
figured out how to cultivate that mollusk themselves.
So within a couple of years they had an unlimited supply.
Counterfeit counter.
Exactly,
man.
That's the story.
And all currency you can fuck with all currents.
Yeah.
By definition,
whatever,
you know,
it always has been that way.
Yeah.
But now it's,
it's all virtual.
It doesn't mean there's not even a coin to fake anymore.
Well,
it's not the whole,
I guess we already done these commercials.
Right?
Did we say rugged.ting.com we did.
Right.
So it's just not even playing music.
Just keep going.
It feels weird when you break up conversations like this,
but wasn't,
the idea about gold and precious minerals being there is very few of them is a
finite amount.
Right?
So that this is a good thing to base money on because it's,
you know,
people have sort of always kind of recognize it's gotta be like a way to put a
cap on it.
Yes.
Kind of way the lane to keep this thing,
it doesn't totally make sense for controlling everything about me.
You think about what money really is.
It's so,
it's cause it's not human.
Okay.
It's not thinking,
but it seems to be an organism.
It seems to be something that requires you to love it.
So it allows you to connect yourself to all these material items that fill up
this weird hole in your,
your idea of the world.
I'll tell you what is,
it pulls up perception.
Perception.
It's a western Gollad,
right?
Because it's power hungry.
It accumulates power.
It's jealous.
It doesn't want any other currencies in existence.
It wants to control the market and it only works if everybody believes in it.
Okay.
That's,
uh,
that is,
that's the,
uh,
dark way to put it.
I've heard it put a positive way,
which is it just represents the life flow at represents this flow of energy
that's always coming through the universe.
And it's kind of like one manifestation of that energy flow.
And if you look at it like that instead of demonizing and which I've definitely
done in the past and just see it as just this thing that sort of,
uh,
it's a,
it's like you,
we know when you throw paint on the invisible man or something,
you know,
like it reveals this kind of flow through the universe.
That's where you get into the secret stuff.
You know,
like if you very generous,
more comes back.
Yeah.
But don't you think that money does have characteristics?
I mean,
don't you think there are predictable things that happen to a person's life on a
bunch of money comes into it?
Yeah,
no doubt.
And I think money is objectively toxic.
You think so?
I,
you know,
I think it's not,
it's literally toxic when you consider all the disgusting people who grow,
handle that shit.
All the fierce sweat that soaks into it.
Cocaine.
Huh?
I don't think that money's inherently toxic.
I think people with power are inherently toxic.
I don't think it has anything to do with money.
I think the real corrupting factor of money is that they want someone at the,
if you,
everybody wants it.
Okay.
And so if everybody wants it,
it's someone at some point in time's going to try to control the flow of other
people acquiring it because then it will interfere with them.
And so then it becomes this chimpanzee competition thing.
It's not that money is toxic because you can take wealthy people who make a lot
of money,
who do a lot of good things with it and they seem to be really nice,
you know,
and they,
they have this ability to help and affect all sorts of other folks like Bill
Gates.
I don't know anything about Bill Gates,
but what I know about watching Bill Gates is,
is like constant charity work.
Okay.
Let me Mac to where you started.
Right?
With the apple shutting down bitcoin.
Right.
The way Bill Gates got rich,
the way Microsoft got where they are is by shutting down competition.
Every time somebody rows that would challenge windows,
they would shut it down by him out drive them out of business.
They're like the Walmart of software.
That's where everybody bitches about how shitty windows is.
But like there's no,
you can't not use windows if you're in a big company in the 90s yeah.
Well that's also because they got a stronghold on the market.
When apple was shit,
I mean apple
was really Dalit.
Anybody else come up?
Well,
apple wouldn't let anybody sell their operating system and just attach it to a
computer.
When you buy an apple computer,
you buy it from them.
The East have clones.
He said these apple clones you could buy and then they shut those clones down
and people got really pissed and business is also like the old apples were dog
shit.
They were bad and when windows came out there was so many good things about
Windows operating system as opposed to the old OSX.
Like there's something about the way the operating system worked that it was,
it was really bad with multitasking.
So I tried it was another way I thought the apple,
okay.
Apple,
uh,
operating systems sort of led the way and windows copied them?
No,
no,
no.
There's,
there's definitely some copying back and forth from each other.
But the original way of using a user interface,
a graphic user interface,
it was invented by Xerox.
They invented the first computer that worked like that.
Everything else was a terminal that you'd have to just punch in coat.
They figured out how to do that first and then apple and then windows copied
that.
But the,
so what,
it's just a graphic user interface.
I mean like what,
what's going on behind the scenes?
Well,
the old days before Osx,
apple had no memory protection,
no preemptive multitasking,
like the old operating systems,
the old operating operating systems for apple.
We were like really shitty.
So then they changed it to go with a windows platform to go to the Intel
platform.
When they couldn't get anything more out of that IBM computer that they used to
sell,
they couldn't get any more juice out of it.
And then the windows computers were getting up to like one gigahertz.
So they just jumped ship and went to Intel,
had to change everything you're talking about the chip.
They had to change their process from,
they had to change their processes.
And by the way,
if I butchered any of this real true computer cakes I apply now.
So impressed.
Whatever you,
the multitasking.
Preemptive multitask.
Wow.
The ability to do well.
I think a lot of times when like today,
windows is awesome with that.
So it was Mac,
you can run a bunch of different programs at the same time,
but it used to be like if you wanted to,
iTunes wasn't around back then,
but if you used to be,
if you wanted to open up iTunes and also have a browser running and also,
you know,
be checking your Twitter feed,
a Twitter application,
you'd have a real fucking problem.
Especially if you're trying to play a video online as well,
then your computer's just getting shit itself and now that's super common place.
But one of the reasons it says there's just more,
the operating system is far more complex and it's a unix based operating system
now.
So when when when apple came around with Osx it was so far ahead of anything
else.
It's like windows.
She looked like a dinosaur in comparison and that's when I switched over.
The guys in the fear factor office had uh,
had these apple computers with Osx.
Like for whatever reason,
Hollywood has always been like super,
super apple,
like every having like apple evangelists on sense graphics.
But then yet I just that I remember when Apple Shit all over final cut,
remember that they did that update to find out nerfed it and turned it into this
like baby machine or something.
Right.
Dan stopped using it.
Well,
so did my brother,
my
brother's a a video editor in DC and he and he switched to a PC and the new
window system is pretty amazing,
man.
I've used it.
It's really cool.
I like it a lot,
but new window system for video editing,
is that what you mean?
Well,
no,
just the wind,
the new windows,
the operating system itself is so much different.
If you're used to like whenever you stopped using it,
if you revisit it now,
it's pretty cool,
man.
I sure it's cool.
I still use Mac though,
but I think one cool thing about windows is that it gives you the freedom to
fuck up your computer and that's cool man.
There's always some,
with apple you always feel like your hands are tied a little bit,
you know,
they're always trying to control shit.
They took flash away.
Remember when they did that?
Right after I learned to code and action script a little bit.
Those motherfuckers started launching photon missiles into flash and ever since
then I've had a sour taste over apple because I think the room,
there was a reason there was a bunch of security exploits with flash though
wasn't there?
Who Cares?
Let me destroy my God damn computer if I want to and my life.
It's the attitude of like the older,
the older I get,
the more grading it becomes.
When you realize you're being protected from destroying yourself,
it's like,
stop it.
Let me do,
let me do this.
If this is what I'm compelled to do.
Well,
especially when it's been proven that the things we're trying to prevent you
from doing aren't harmful.
Oftentimes like hot,
just thinking about the money that's been spent on keeping potty illegal.
It of course everyone distrusts you now.
They're never going to listen to a God damn word.
You said you tried to keep pot from them.
What's one of the dumbest things the government has ever done is try to keep
plot from people.
Know you.
You smoke it,
you find out it's awesome.
You don't die,
and then he started distrusting everything.
Right.
Well,
masturbation.
Think about how many people thought they were going to die from masturbation.
Right?
You lose your mind.
You get hair on your poems when that's end.
That wasn't my time.
No.
Well,
there are a little this Catholic,
no,
I'm talking about earlier times,
early 20th century,
19th century.
You know,
I remember her that you were going to go blind or any,
oh yeah,
there were,
there are medical books in the 19th century.
Kellogg had this whole thing about it.
You know,
the,
it causes insanity.
Insanity.
It causes hair to grow in your poems.
You know,
the weird ability Kellogg from Kellogg cereal,
right?
Yeah.
He had a thing.
He was very robust.
Deauville people who masturbate.
You had think about that.
I mean,
the whole thing with corn flakes,
the reason corn flakes were invented was to stop boys from masturbating.
How was that?
How was the idea behind that?
Explained this to us before.
The idea is that spicy foods excite the sensibilities.
And so if you eat something that tastes interesting,
you're going to want to come.
So they,
they invented and also Graham crackers.
Graham was another of these big ante,
masturbation evangelizers so they invent these really intentionally bland foods.
You know,
they like to keep the teenage boys from jerking off so that when they finger,
they're assholes.
They immediately come.
Exactly.
It's like veal.
Keep them in the dark.
Oh,
that's so true.
I'm so fucking horny.
Anything,
Spin your finger.
Father
just touch me.
Squirt fucking mountains.
What am I gay now?
Shit
could milk itself.
That would be bad.
And it can climb fences.
Cows a Kelly does yoga and can reach it.
Someone teats account.
It's so smart.
It realizes how fucking huge is.
I could just run through that fence anytime.
Which shitty wooden fences these keep cows in with.
It's unbelievable.
You know how they train elephants?
You know that you see these elephants that are like Tai chained to something and
the elephant could just pull it out the way they train them.
When they're,
when they're babies,
they chained them to uh,
something really heavy that they can't pull.
And then the elephant for the rest of its life is like,
oh man,
when that chains on I can't pull it.
Yeah.
You know?
Um,
I have a friend who keeps cows.
He's got like these grass fed cows and he's got this big farm and he butchered a
cow every year.
And guess what?
Those fucking cows.
No,
it
is going on.
They don't know that he doesn't have like an old school.
He wouldn't fence.
He's got like a real fence that could keep the cows in but he doesn't.
What are you doing here man?
Cause you're on Dixon is a tad can doodle.
It's now we're trying to be very sophisticated.
Um,
it's,
the pads are great if you need to write something down in the middle of a show.
I always wanted to have something like good preemptive multitasking written down
here
might be a totally made up thing.
That's how I avoid writing your friends.
Cows are paranoid
dude.
We went into his yard where the cows are in the cows fucking run from you and
they run from you.
And like this idea that people like to have of,
you know,
eating grass fed meat as being totally cool.
You know like listen cow grain fed cows bullshit but organic grass fed meat.
Hey those cows lived a great life.
Guess what?
No they don't.
They live in fear.
Those fucking things are penned in and you don't think they know that.
Every now and then one of them disappears.
Did you ever read the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy w they had,
and it's a futuristic,
it was,
there was a restaurant called the restaurant at the end of the universe.
And um,
people,
you could go to that restaurant and watch the universe and like somehow it was
in a time portal,
but they,
cows would come to your table and they could talk and they would suggest which
parts of them you should eat.
Like they were like,
oh my God,
that's so creepy.
Yeah.
If the world keeps going the way it's going,
that will eventually happen.
We'll eventually,
the stope on cows,
the ability to want to die.
I have no problem serving humans.
Give them a very simple mind and then have them trot around on two legs and walk
around on their hind feet and explain what parts of their body they want you
eat.
That's it.
Yeah.
They don't even have to die right away.
Right.
They can just have amputations.
So it keeps it really fresh.
Yeah.
That could be ever see that there was a,
there is like we're talking about the fucking military.
There's a cartoon in the,
I think it was in the New Yorker,
it had a little frog coming out of the kitchen in a restaurant.
Right.
Come through the door and he's on a,
on a skateboard and he's got the two things like this and it says special frog
legs.
Man,
that's hard.
Oh,
that's rough.
Yeah.
That would be worse though.
You'd have to actually take off the pelvis.
I mean,
you're not just cutting off,
you cutting off the leg at the socket for the frog.
That's an amazing thing.
When you've convinced something to want to die.
Like once you've done that,
you have really like you are in control.
If you've got a being that you have convinced to die for you,
fuck well that would be the sort of powerful hero.
Yeah.
Call them hero cow.
Here I'll be the sale.
The sale would be that these cows have no problem dying.
They actually want to die and they have no fear.
So what we're worried about is pain and fear.
Oh,
we remove their pain sensors.
They don't have any,
they don't feel any pain.
They just wander around.
And when you take him into the back room to slaughter them,
it doesn't even freak out.
Have an orgasm the whole way through.
It's like an ecstasy trip.
But what about laboratory meet?
Have you seen this growing meat in a laboratory?
So that'll be expensive.
No brain at all.
Right.
So the fear and the,
and the pain or removed?
Probably the nervous system.
It's not as fun,
you know,
not as fun for whom that was fun for the person that gets to kill the animal,
they're going to,
I mean,
right now I don't know what kind of meat they're growing,
but eventually that they're going to grow human meat.
Oh,
for sure.
And the question is going to be,
if you grow human meat in a lab,
is it,
is it okay to eat then?
Yeah,
for sure.
That's common,
right?
I feel like,
or is that cannibalism?
Right?
Well,
I interesting because it didn't come off a human,
it just was grown.
So it'll certainly be thought of as cannibalism by a lot of people.
You know,
what's really interesting about cannibalism,
do you know?
Would you know?
Or cannibalism,
what causes cannibalism?
It's very hunger.
Hunger.
Exactly.
Um,
but there,
there are all these,
I always just thought like some people,
some civilizations were cannibalistic in some warrant,
right?
It was just like some evilness that got into some,
and not others randomly.
But it turns out that there's a biological reason for this.
There's a guy named Marvin Harris,
a great anthropologist.
It was at Columbia for a long time.
He wrote a about how he studied different islands in the South Pacific,
some of which were cannibalistic in,
some of which weren't,
and different societies around the world.
And what he found was that the societies that were cannibalistic had no,
uh,
domesticate a bull animal that didn't eat the same food as humans.
In other words,
you,
you aren't going to raise dogs for me because dogs eat the same shit that humans
eat,
right?
You went to raise animals for meat,
like goats that don't eat stuff that humans eat,
so they're not competing for the same original food source.
Right?
Then it's supplementary.
So like if you look the Aztecs,
there was nothing in Mexico that they could raised that they could domesticate
and raised for meat that didn't eat what humans aid.
So they were protein starved.
So when they were in a battle and they killed a bunch of dudes,
they would eat them.
Right.
Whereas the Europeans who killed just as many people if not more worn eating
them,
then consider that a sacrilege.
Because in Europe you had pigs,
you had goats,
you had chickens,
you had all these things that were easy to domesticate that humans had been
living on for a long time.
So it's really a historical accident.
Who's this cannibalistic and who isn't
mansion if you were a European settler trying to make it across the country
during the days of the native Americans,
like when you know,
17 hundreds,
16 hundreds whenever they did that and you had after the first wave that had
already gone over and basically committed genocide on many populations.
And so you were the enemy and you were trying to make it across the country
without running into one of these people that might eat you.
Yeah.
You mean like a wagon train kind of people?
Yeah,
we'll,
Comanche is,
oh yeah.
It mean the Nez Perce apparently according to Steve Rinella,
my friend Steve Rinella is a real historian on a native American history.
And um,
you know,
they had just the history of the colonization of this country.
But he told me these great stories about the Nez Perce Indians who are known for
cannibalism.
They would lay with butcher people.
Really?
Oh yeah,
yeah,
yeah.
They would eat them like the same one.
They would eat cattle.
So if they would catch people,
some enemy or something like that,
they would kill them and eat them.
And they,
they,
they made a regular habit of it then not only that,
they would play games like they told this one dude,
they said,
uh,
they took all his clothes off and they let them run and they said,
if you can get away,
you could survive.
And they killed his friend in front of them.
Butcher dumb started eating them.
And they told him that if he,
if he can get away,
they're going to give him,
you know,
a 20 minute headstart or however,
whatever account they had.
Yeah.
You can get away.
It's right.
And the guy survived.
The guy made it to the river who went into a beaver den naked into a swam up
into a beaver den to hide.
Yeah.
What is the beaver in there?
Really?
The B might have been chuck,
if you could go buy a beep beep or running till Hannibal's.
Viva just killed a person recently.
I believe it.
They're scary dangerous creatures,
man.
They ain't chomp through histories
killed by a beaver.
He got bitten by a beaver in the leg and he bled out.
Like,
you don't realize this.
Thank you to take a fucking tree down with its face.
Yes.
Beavers.
You don't want to get bitten by a fucking beaver.
No,
you don't.
So this asshole climbs into this beaver den naked.
Okay.
To get away from these Nez Perce Indians and then he winds up walking some like
a hundred miles or some fucking crazy shit.
Almost starving to death.
Just eating what he could find and kill along the way.
Naked,
naked,
bad ass just to get the fuck away from these Nez Perce Indians who ate his
friend in front of them.
So that's how the Nez Perce.
That sounds more like the Iroquois.
That sounds like eastern.
Who?
This fucking guy.
Yeah,
look at that shit.
Muddy little devil.
He'll get it.
It's ready to,
it's talking.
That's weird.
Jesus Christ.
She is that a beaver.
So it says it looks at the flat tail.
It's a beaver that's going to fuck you up.
Either mean beavers.
Beavers can eat trees.
Man,
you don't want to fuck with a beaver.
And this guy was so scared of these Indians.
He climbed into the beavers house in the water in the night night.
Cause if you find one of these beaver,
Dan's like Rinella showed me how to find them.
When you're going down the river,
you see like these stacks of sticks.
It's weird sort of promotion information.
He's like,
that's a beaver den.
And he could tell by looking at it whether or not it's used or whether it's
abandoned because,
but this guy didn't know that shit cause it was at nighttime.
So he's running down this road and just jumps into the river and finds a beaver
den.
Just says,
fuck it.
Let's take a chance.
Swims up into it in the middle of the night.
Fucking a man.
They are so cool.
Beavers.
When you consider that how radically they change environments that they make
lakes happen.
That's amazing.
They actually make lakes.
There's a great documentary on beavers that I saw.
Why do they call Vaginas beaver?
That's one of those things I've always kind of like for the old days.
Used to be for so many other things have for,
did you see that a thing that they had on Vimeo recently?
It's been going around the Internet.
How wolves changed the course of rivers.
It's amazing.
You haven't seen it?
No.
Oh my God.
Dot.
Can you got to see this?
It's incredible.
It's a,
it's a piece play look little experts,
Yellowstone of it.
It's Yellowstone and the introduction of wolves.
They've,
they've dwindled the population of deer and Antal and deer and elk down and
because they've made the populations lower,
the soil around rivers has gotten less erosion because more plants are growing
on it.
And then more,
uh,
more rodents or surviving,
more rabbits are surviving and then more bears and bears kill the Fonz like
it's,
and it changes literally because of the fact that there's more beavers.
It's changing the course of the river itself.
Yeah,
they're amazing.
I mean like,
oops.
It's amazing.
Their predation,
the discovery of widespread trophic cascades,
a trophic cascade is an ecological process which starts at the top of the food
chain and tumbles all the way down to the bottom.
And that's kind the classic example is what happens is so bad ass and more bad
ass United's.
This guy has an English accent we reintroduced in 1995 we all know that wolves
killed various species of animals.
The press was slightly less aware that they give life to many others
before the wolf's turned up.
They'd been absent for 70 years that the numbers of deer,
because there was nothing to hunt had built up.
And built up in the Yellowstone park and despite efforts by humans to control
them,
that manage to reduce much of the vegetation there to almost nothing.
They're just grazed it in a way.
But as soon as the wolves arrived,
even though there were few in number,
they started to have the most remarkable effects.
First,
of course,
they killed some of the deer,
but that wasn't the major thing much more significantly.
They radically changed the behavior of the deer.
The deer started avoiding certain parts of the park,
the places where there could be trapped most easily,
particularly the valleys and the gorgeous.
And immediately those places started to regenerate in some areas.
The height of the trees quintupled in just six years,
it became on an animal and willow and cottonwood.
And as soon as that happened,
the birds started moving in.
The number of songbirds and migratory birds started to increase greatly.
The number of beavers start ears because beavers like to eat,
to eat the trees and beavers lightbulbs ecosystem engineers,
their create niches for other species and the dams they built in the rivers.
Provided habitats for autism isn't even a human talking.
It's a unicorn.
Fish and reptiles and amphibians,
fancy school,
ut,
and he was at all.
As a result of that,
the number of rabbits and mice began to rise,
which meant more hawks,
more weasels,
more foxes,
more badgers,
ravens and bald eagles came down to feed on the carrier that the walls had left
bears fed in at too,
and that population began to rise as well.
Partly also because there were more berries growing on the regenerating shrubs
and the bears reinforced the impact of the wolves by killing some of the carbs
of the deer.
Here's where it gets really interesting.
My erection,
we should probably not play all of this video.
It's there.
It's not ours.
But uh,
that's a fascinating thing and you,
you,
you only hear one side of that,
you know,
you hear that the wolves are dangerous.
People are scared of the wolf populations growing.
And that's,
that's the part I usually hear.
But it's fascinating to hear that all this was going on as well.
You know what I was thinking when we were listening to that is how much pleasure
that guy was taking in his own accent.
And it's something I often notice with British people and French,
not so much Spanish.
And I don't notice it with,
with Americans speaking English,
like I never like get into how my voice sounds while I'm speaking the way that
guy obviously was right.
But he's a presenter,
you know,
he's trying to be dramatic.
Don't you think he was trying?
Yeah,
he was like the Lord of the forest or something.
I should do every nature documentary Fr.
I love it,
I think,
but he always made me more excited.
He called,
he kept calling it the yellow stone.
Well,
if you know,
but the British have,
I mean their,
their accent is much more tied into identity and I think different parts of
identity than American accent or American accent is regional,
whereas the British accents are regional,
but also class based.
So that guy in speaking,
the way he's speaking is you.
He went to Eaton and then he went to Cambridge and his parents had lots of money
in.
His family's had lots of money for a long time.
A British person listens to three words and like knows where that guy's from,
where he went to school.
His whole sale it.
Yeah.
So sort of like we can wreck rep recognise accents from the south.
Right.
York accent.
All we have is,
is regional and we don't even have that much,
cause we all grew up watching a lot of the same TV shows.
There's still regional.
I think we there is,
yeah.
But friends and if you have any friends in New York or Boston or Baltimore,
Baltimore's a weird one.
They've got a weird sort of half southern thing going on down there,
but there's no,
I don't think there's any,
uh,
equivalent in,
in England too.
Like my accent.
Right.
You'll hear me talk.
You don't know where I'm from.
You don't know any of that.
My parents had money,
didn't have money where I grew up.
Nothing.
Right.
There's nothing like that in England.
You talk people.
No,
that's interesting.
Yeah.
I like those,
you know,
there's linguists,
you can listen to your accent.
Not everybody,
but apparently there's people who can,
who are trained to listen to any accent and they can tell you within like 50
miles where you lived there.
A lot of the time they're really good at it.
Like they can identify it.
It's,
they're trained to do that.
They're like forensics people,
you know,
like if you,
if you hear someone's voice,
it says everything about them.
There's some words that are indicators to,
like,
I lived in western Pennsylvania when I was a kid for a while and there's some
words
say like if someone is trained that way that they can pick it up.
Like,
ah,
I hate black people.
Like,
Oh,
you can identify where someone's from when they say that guy over here.
No,
you can't put there.
Well,
no,
I mean there are stereotypes for that,
you know,
because there are like,
um,
there's,
you know,
there's big,
it's everywhere but there is a stereotype,
there's a lot of stereotypes attached to a,
like a rebel flag on your truck says a lot.
You know,
like when you see that it says a lot because you are sort of like when you were
saying like the south will rise again.
You are pointing to a time when slavery was okay and
so you see it.
My friend,
what I see is a bunch of people that are very proud about the southern heritage.
They liked that part of the country.
I was raised in the south.
I love that part of the country.
I really do.
I would like the south to rise again minus the slavery.
Wonderful.
Leonard Skinner.
Why?
Yeah.
Why does it have to,
why is it,
why does that have to be included?
What?
The slavery?
Yeah,
why does it have to be included in the south?
Well because that flag,
that's why everyone has a bad with that flag because that flag indicates a war
that that was partially fight over keeping slaves over there.
Right.
To keep slaves.
Like you wanted to keep your slaves and these sons of bitches up north are
telling you that you couldn't do that anymore and that's a big problem for your
economy.
And because you know,
you,
you weren't just making money from the slaves working,
but the slave trade itself,
you are making tons of money too.
So therefore that flag just inherently spells racism.
It doesn't have to,
it's
what it does though to me.
I mean a lot of times it just does.
I mean,
I'm a pretty open guy,
but if I see that flag,
I think racism.
Well yeah.
It's like anytime people,
yeah,
it's,
it's a problem.
It's unavoidable.
It's unavoidable because that's what happens.
It's like anytime you see the swastika,
you don't think getting Nash.
Exactly.
That's funny.
Yeah.
You think Nazis.
If you try to have a swastika tattooed on your body today,
you're a real piece of shit.
But at one point in time,
swastika was in eastern and what was in many different,
many different,
there's some native American native Americans.
Yeah,
that it was an old symbol.
In fact,
that old symbol,
there's a place in somewhere in the valley like Canoga park or something like
that.
There's this really old place that was built by,
by people from India and there's swastikas on it and they have a big sign there
explaining their,
look at this,
getting national,
the swastika.
They had a big sign there explaining uh,
what the original meaning of that symbol means cause today that's the symbol of
hate.
Yep.
Yeah.
It just crazy.
And people are,
there is,
I heard there's some movement called like this trying to bring back this or take
the swat swastika out of the Nazi idea.
Like there's like they want to bring this symbol back somehow.
There's people who are trying to show that you can't,
Hitler fucked up that mustache and he fucked up that swastika.
Those two things.
We'll never see it again.
He really did.
He was such a con he,
you can't wear the same mustache as Sam.
About how many people with regular mustaches were just total pieces of shit and
it's to where that mustache,
you don't get associated with that person's behavior.
Who is
comedian who had a bit about like whether there were lots of Germans named
Hitler because now you never meet anyone who's last name is Hitler.
Hitler's descendants decide,
decided not to have kids.
Like there was a decision.
Yeah,
something like that.
Yeah.
Wow.
That's interesting.
I don't mean to end the family lines actually died or do you think,
do you believe the idea that he went to South America
hear that?
That's the most recent one.
The FBI saying that Hitler went to Argentina,
the FBI saying Fbo,
one of those Internet things where Pete,
it's,
I don't know.
I don't,
I'm saying that the FBI,
I'm saying it's one of those internet things where someone had supposedly found
a freedom of information to article from,
you know,
1947 that shows that Hitler escaped in a fucking submarine.
Okay.
Do you see,
I think he might have,
it's all redacted,
like half of it's redacted,
like,
look,
this is it.
The fuck out of here with this.
This is a piece of paper that someone put online.
That's what that is.
Unless I hear better,
the Hitler is not in fucking Argentina.
You asked.
Not Anymore.
He found his body.
He was kind of cute at that age.
Sorry you just had the picture of Hitler.
He looked a bit like,
you know he was sultry.
Joe.
Joe,
would you have spanked him?
Know what I mean?
Good God I don't want and Pam,
yeah that got fucked up.
Blow things.
But,
but I,
I don't know man.
I kind of believe he,
I do kind of
one of those believe that.
Well just because it's Hitler.
So what?
Look,
cause if you're a healer come the walls are falling down.
Yeah,
but you would get out of there man.
How's he getting deep tunnel?
There was no body.
No,
the body,
apparently the body that they found the dental records or the body itself was
not the body of a man.
It was like a woman's body.
There's like,
yeah,
look it up like this scale cause they know you look it up.
It's the one of the craziest
disproven.
They say that they incinerated his body.
All right.
They supposedly,
his body was set on fire and then that the eye,
the bar,
the bones don't match the bones of a male.
And then he went to South America and lived at a really good life.
I believe that one,
a lot of Nazis definitely did go to South America.
That's a fact.
And a lot of Nazis got hired by NASA.
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
Operation Paperclip,
bring him to California.
Wernher von Braun.
In fact,
the Simon Wiesenthal Center said that if Wernher von Braun was alive today,
he'd be prosecuted for crimes against humanity.
Jesus,
stop.
And think about that.
The guy who was the head of NASA was a hardcore Nazi.
He,
they hung the five slowest,
um,
workers,
like whether it was every day or once a week,
whatever it was,
they would hang them in front of their rocket factory in Berlin.
They would just take the five slowest workers and hang them.
And one of the guys who was,
there was a documentary that this guy did on the moon landings and he started
interviewing people that were in the concentration camps that knew like he had
seen Wernher von Braun walk in,
had seen all these different,
like high level Nazi scientists walk in.
There's a rocket factories,
Wernher von Braun's,
rocket factories used Jewish slaves and murdered them.
So I mean,
he's a fucking,
he was a monster and he was the head of NASA.
Jesus.
He was a real monster.
I mean,
and people try to sugarcoat that because the fact that guy did amazing things
with rocketry,
but you know,
and so while it wasn't his idea of,
well,
you got to understand that,
oh please,
they hung the five slowest fucking people in front of his rocket factory in
Berlin.
And then the United States took them aboard.
That tendency to sugarcoat murder is so fucked up and it happens all the time.
And it's really an odd thing when you see,
when you rock white
thing.
Yeah,
people want something to be good or evil.
They don't want someone to be evil.
And also amazing because that's,
that's too fucked up.
If you're,
you're good or you're bad.
They,
that's why they sugarcoat and that's why they defend.
You know,
I mean,
I've,
I've heard someone that,
there was a recent thing where someone was talking about this guy who had done a
bunch of fucked up shit and lied about a bunch of things and his friends were
saying,
yeah,
but what about this?
He did this and he was saying all these positive things that he did.
I'm like,
that doesn't matter.
He's still did those other things.
It's like,
it doesn't make those other things nonexistent.
If you,
you're doing something fucked up,
you're cheating people,
you're lying.
Whatever you're doing here,
fucking people over,
you're doing something,
something evil to people.
If you're also doing something good,
it doesn't mean you didn't do the eval thing right.
They don't,
they don't go and vice versa.
Vice versa as well.
Right.
I mean we,
the,
there's some saying we judge our heroes by their finest moment and are criminals
by their worst.
Yes.
You know,
so you're a great guy.
You fuck up.
You do one thing.
You know,
whatever.
And that's how we judge you for the rest of your life.
You know,
fucked up crimes and they turned out to be really good.
People.
Like Joey Diaz is a prayer.
For example,
you know,
if you looked at Joey Diaz on paper,
he went to jail for armed kidnapping of a drug deal with a machine gun.
I mean he did some crazy fucking shit.
But if you know Joey Diaz as a human being,
he's one of the sweetest guys you'll ever meet in your life.
He's so friendly.
He's so funny.
I mean,
every time the phone rings and it's Joey,
I get excited to talk to him.
Yeah.
If you just looked at him as on that instance of his life and a cocaine fueled
rage,
kidnap some guy,
you would see,
think he's a terrible person.
Yeah.
That's a strange thing,
isn't it?
When like somebody gets convicted of something that they did and then they've
done like 20 years in prison and they're probably different.
They've probably changed,
but they have to stay in there for their entire lives and young men.
Did you,
I don't know if you guys,
if we talked about this,
but a couple of weeks ago I interviewed a guy named Bruce Lisker for my podcast
who was in prison in California,
San Quintin for a lot of it,
for 26 and a half years for killing his mother when he was 17 which he did not
do.
And men,
he is amazing.
He's an amazing dude.
He's like,
he is so not bitter.
It's unbelievable.
And I asked them the beginning of the podcast,
I was like,
dude,
when I,
when you know,
I thought when I met you that I would be sitting next to a ticking time bomb of
a guy like explosive with rage,
you know,
and you're so chilled out.
What I feel like I'm sitting here with Mandela and he said they tried to destroy
my life for 26 and a half years.
I'm not going to finish the job for them.
Wow.
He's a,
he's a great guy.
He's right near here.
Either you want to meet him.
He's a wonderful dude,
man.
I love that attitude because that attitude is saying fuck you to your past.
And it's like,
you know,
cause when you meet people who are rationalizing being an asshole from their
past,
you know,
they,
oh,
they have this story.
They keep telling about their shitty family,
they're abusive parents,
they're awful,
whatever it is.
And you have empathy for them.
But simultaneously you realize how they're recreating that story every time they
bring it up.
Every time they talk about this awful thing that happened to them,
it's like a,
um,
in Buddhism,
it's compared to like making a necklace,
like beating a necklace.
And every moment you're sort of recreating yourself again and again and again.
And when people have experiences like that and they're like,
no,
I'm not going to let that be the anchor that pulls me down into a negative life.
I can reinvent myself in this very moment right now,
regardless of whatever happened to me,
regardless of my past.
That's all gone.
It's really cool.
And he said,
uh,
he said like,
really?
Who knows
where I would be right now if this hadn't happened,
right?
Maybe I'd be dead.
Maybe I would have had a car accident.
Maybe,
you know,
something else would have happened to me that there's no way to predict it.
So the fact that I'm here now,
it is unavoidably a good thing.
Yeah,
I'm here,
I'm intact.
You know,
and he's,
his experience of prison was a very moving,
um,
and not really what I was expecting.
Like he said the,
you know,
sexual abuse and that sort of thing was not an issue for him.
Uh,
and uh,
fighting like four or five times,
he had to like stand up to someone and he said he got,
I think if I remember correctly,
he said like,
he got his ass kicked,
but he had to establish that he,
there was a limit.
You couldn't push him past.
That was the main thing.
But he's a cool guy.
And,
and uh,
yeah,
the way I met him was that what happened was his father died and his father
never believed that he killed his mother.
And in fact,
the way he got into it was so fucked up.
He's 17.
He goes in,
the detective who was running the investigation just had a bug up his ass and
decided he did it and would not be swayed from that conclusion.
Right.
And,
but,
but there was like,
there was no evidence.
The evidence was manufactured fucked around anyway.
So what they told him was plead out and they said like,
you're,
you're 17 you say you did it,
you'll do juvie for a year or two,
then you'll do like one or two years,
you know,
in,
in a medium security and you're out.
Right.
So he took the advice,
his father encouraged him to take the advice from the lawyer.
He pleaded,
pleaded guilty,
went in,
and then he started getting interviewed by psychiatrists,
prison psychiatrist.
Right.
And they kept reporting that he wasn't showing remorse.
Well,
of course he's not showing remorse.
He didn't do it right.
So this,
this charade that he was supposedly,
he could just sign the paper and go in for a few years and be out was bullshit
because he had to go through 100% and actually act as if he had done it.
And he was so remorseful and crying and Oh my God.
And he couldn't do that cause the guy's got some fucking integrity.
Right.
So that's why he was in for 26 and a half years.
Oh my God.
Yeah.
And so his father died and he used,
he left some,
some money,
15 grand or something.
And he used that money to hire a private detective to go back and sort of re
figure,
look at the evidence again.
This guy did ran,
blew through the money,
but the detective,
by the time the money was gone was like convinced that this was all bullshit.
So he was like,
fuck it,
I'm doing it pro bono.
And he kept going at it and then he got a couple of guys from the La Times to
write about the case and my aunt saw the article and send 100 bucks to the like
fun to help him and they became friends and that's how I got to know him.
Wow.
Incredible.
Yeah,
it's incredible.
So what happens when a prosecutor does something evil like that?
Is that guy criminally responsible now?
No,
the d the detective.
Well,
not the prosecutor because the prosecutor is relying on the evidence presented
by the police.
Right.
Did tactics.
So the detective was the one who set him up,
who lied about the evidence,
who then here's the,
here's the kicker.
As Bruce said,
the guy who got me thrown into jail got me out.
And the way he got me out was by pushing too hard because what he did was the
same detective throughout his career.
Every time Bruce Bruce's case came up for parole,
he doubled or parole or probation,
I don't know which it is.
Um,
uh,
this guy would come to the hearing and you talk about how,
how terrible he was,
how evil he was and blah,
blah,
blah.
He came to a hearing like 25 years into it and he said,
not only is this guy definitely guilty,
but I have found more evidence now 25 years later because there was money
missing from the mother.
And so one of the ideas was the motive was to rob his mother of a couple of
hundred dollars.
And this detective said,
I went back and got it.
I got a into the house,
you know,
new owners and all that.
And they claimed that they had found the money in the crawl space in this kid's
former bedroom.
Right.
So,
you know,
now the case is even stronger than it was 25 years ago,
but denied that this detective goes back interviews,
all the people who had owned the house and they all said,
we never called the police.
So we never found any money.
I have no idea what that guy's talking about.
The detective just made that shit up.
Wow.
And that was his misstep.
And that's what eventually got Bruce out that it,
then the bi went and he's like interviews everyone like,
oh,
this is uh,
you know,
100% sure this guy manufacturer that evidence.
He must've done that more than one I.
Exactly,
exactly.
And this was one of his first cases in a 25 year career.
Oh my God.
So guy's entire crew was just setting people up and treating them like,
or nobody knows.
And you know why nobody knows?
Because the LAPD is not investigating.
They're not opening up his cases.
They're not going back and looking at this.
Yeah.
It's a fun thing,
man.
So this,
I mean,
listen to the podcast.
If anyone who's interested,
it's,
it's on my podcast,
tangentially speaking.
It's like two or three episodes back.
Bruce Lisker,
he tells the whole story,
what the fuck's fucked up?
This cop is retired with full benefits.
Oh my God.
How is that possible?
That's a criminal.
They did an internal investigation for about a,
they have a year to turn in the results,
right?
This guy from internal affairs,
who's an honorable cop,
did the investigation,
found that this case was definitely a setup,
right?
Only looking at this one case.
Right.
Definitely a set up,
complete bullshit,
manufactured evidence,
et Cetera.
A couple of weeks before the year was over and the report would be officially
filed,
his superiors took him off the case and squashed it.
No report was ever filed.
And the cop who led that investigation,
I said to him,
Bruce,
like,
have you been in touch with this guy?
Like how's his career going?
He said he's shunned by the police,
so he's still working,
but he's like,
nobody's,
you know,
pals with him.
What the fuck?
Yeah,
it's a,
you know,
it's that culture.
Well,
it's that culture of,
you know,
shunning rats,
culture of going after the people that investigate.
But if those people didn't investigate,
look what happened in Miami during the,
you ever see the movie cocaine cowboys documentary about Miami?
Miami,
Miami was so crazy at one point in time that the entire police graduating squad
of,
you know,
the whatever the academy,
the police academy,
graduating class,
the entire group was either arrested for corruption or murdered.
Wow.
Is this one don Johnson was on the forest?
No,
no.
This is what I mean,
I guess probably like it was about that era.
You know,
the,
it was the 1980s and the,
the stories that they tell are fucking unbelievable.
Cocaine cowboys and cocaine cowboys to,
or some of the best fucking documentaries ever.
Miami has more banks per capita than anywhere else in the country.
That's all there.
It's all cocaine money.
Right.
That's what built that country or that,
that part of that,
well,
you really should be a country.
You know Miami's wild.
Yeah.
It's,
it's really like a country,
like all those Cubans,
all those pissed off Cubans.
Yeah.
Pissed off at Castro and he's right over there and 90 miles away across the
ocean.
Yeah,
I did.
It's one of these things,
man,
like you know,
like when you watch cops and you realize what you're actually watching is just
people getting arrested for something that shouldn't be illegal.
Yeah.
It's,
it's really hard to enjoy it anymore.
Like,
you know,
like a victorious copies found some drugs on a person and then acts like he's
doing some heroic thing.
It's like,
what are you doing?
You're just chaining up a skinny guy.
Wanted to feel good man.
You're not being a hero right now.
This is just a guy who wanted to know what it felt like to be God for a few
hours and you're fucking slapping cuffs on him.
He's a,
these people are getting arrested when you see them mostly.
They're the least dangerous looking people on earth.
And then when you add to that,
the fact that these motherfuckers are putting fake evidence in there sometimes.
Oh,
do you hear about this case where the,
they're undercover cops in a high school pretending to be friends for a whole
semester and then they bust some guys cause they got them weaned.
Yeah.
Well that happened with a woman.
She's a beautiful woman and she said Deuce to 17 year old boy honor students.
Honor students can get her some weed and now the kid has a felony on his record.
Yeah.
So there's a,
you never run for office.
You can never,
there's a lot of things you could never do.
It's so predatory and terrible.
I mean it's,
it's like if there was it,
there's just not,
maybe there's not enough illegal stuff out there so they have to make stuff up
because they're not enough bad people.
That's the problem.
No,
no,
no.
It's right.
It's certainly not that.
There's plenty of bad people.
They just don't want to have to find them.
You go to find bad people,
you have to deal with dangerous situations.
If you could just coerce some 17 year old boy to sell you weed and then lock
them in a cage and you still get that little check on your wind column,
you're,
you're happy to do because it's,
it
perverts what the action is,
what the,
the noble law enforcement officer,
the noble soldier,
that,
those are really important aspects of any society.
They want to stay safe because we don't have perfect humans yet.
They,
we don't have a perfect race.
We don't have a perfect culture.
So when you,
what you're dealing with is just an organism that is following the rules and
they subvert and pervert these rules in order to be successful.
The same way people cheat on their sats,
they're the same way.
People take steroids and get caught in the Olympics the same way.
You know,
all these different things that people do that they're not supposed to do,
but they do because they just want to win more than they want.
Anything else.
Yeah.
This is a very American thing too.
Uh,
you know,
I live in Spain for 22 years,
right?
Spanish cops and American cops completely different.
Uh,
now there are different for,
for cultural reasons having to do with the military.
I think first of all,
I think a lot of American cops are ex military.
They come back there,
no jobs,
best job opportunities are in law enforcement.
They're already accustomed to the sort of discipline in the uniform and the,
you know,
the weapons and all that kind of stuff.
So they,
they've got a lot of them are suffering from PTSD and they've got a very us
versus them attitude from the military.
They've served in Afghanistan,
Iraq,
whatever.
They come back and they've got that same attitude in la or in Petaluma or
wherever the fuck they're working.
So that's a problem.
The other issue is the legal system.
The American legal system is based as you were just pointing out on rules,
right?
If you break the rule,
that's illegal.
European legal system is a different,
uh,
the trigger is not that you broke the rule.
The trigger is that somebody complained that you bothered somebody.
So there are no Spanish cops flying over the city with infrared cameras on
helicopters looking for a grow rooms.
They're just not doing it because unless someone complains,
they don't give a shit right there.
It's the same thing with parking.
It's like if you're blocking traffic,
they'll give you a ticket.
If you're just parking in an area where the thing says from three d six and not
from four to two or whatever it is,
they don't give a fuck.
I mean,
I,
I've,
I've experienced it directly with them where I'm parking on my motorcycle and
there's this big leg lawn,
long line of motorcycles on the Ramblas and the pedestrian area of the Ramblas
in Barcelona.
And I go to this cop and I know you're not allowed to park there,
but they're like 15 motorcycles and the cop standing there and I say to him,
can I park here?
What?
And he's like,
no.
But normally we know we won't do anything.
It's like,
that's a cop.
That's a definitely a better way of doing it.
We're doing over here.
Yeah,
just the g.
If you're a judge and you've put someone in jail for their entire lives,
for a drug,
how do you sleep at night?
Well,
minimum mandatory sentencing.
The judges can't even decide.
Right.
Under the Reagan administration,
they passed these laws saying,
well,
if you've got,
you know,
one to four ounces of marijuana,
that's five years.
It doesn't matter who you are.
Don't be a jet.
A lot of judges and design,
they can't.
Yeah,
I
hear what you're saying.
A lot of judges resigned because of that because they said,
what am I doing all I'm doing?
It's a table.
I'm not making any decisions.
How about that guy in Pennsylvania that was purposely locking kids up?
Holy Shit.
Who's getting paid?
Who's getting payoffs and so he was putting kids in detention center,
juvenile detention centers.
When he,
they were young,
they were like teenagers taking them away from their mothers and getting them
raped,
getting them beat up,
putting them in with all these abused kids are committing suicide.
It's so crazy.
That guy ruined lives and did it for money and he just got locked in a cage.
Every one of those kids,
every one of those kids that he sentence should get as an adult the a day to
beat the fuck out of them.
There should be a,
like a tag,
like you pull a tag with your hunting deer and uh,
they all throw their money because there's thousands of kids that should get a
beat the fuck out of this guy.
And what you hope is you get a really early hunting season,
at least piss on him or beat the fuck out.
Don't let him beat him to death sentence to 28 years for selling kids to the
prison system.
But so look at that.
Look at that.
Look at that 28 fucking years to get that piece of shit.
I would love to plant some knuckles on that guy's face if I was a kid,
especially that this guy put away.
I would love to beat the shit out of that guy.
That's it.
That she should be beaten to death by every kid that he did that to fuck that
guy.
When you start realizing that the criminals have done the exact same thing that
pedophiles do,
like pedophiles,
they will get jobs working at schools because they want to be around kids all
the time.
They're predatory and they do that in the same way criminals were really smart
criminals.
They recognize that the best place to be if you're a criminal is in the legal
system working there.
That's the best place to be.
If you're a judge in a criminal,
you're fucking set,
man.
You're a judge.
If you're a criminal and you're a senator,
if you're a criminal and you're in the government,
that's where the top creme de la creme of the criminals go to the fucking legal
system and into the government because that's where they have the most power and
are the least likely to get busted and you know that dumb criminals are the ones
who stay on the other side of the law,
the smart criminals of one to infiltrate,
get in there and then start exploiting people and the exact same way and then
they don't get arrested.
They arrest.
That's where it's fucked up because let's face it,
for in the laws of the land,
it is not criminal to put a skinny guy in handcuffs,
take away his house,
throw him in jail,
ruin his life.
That in this land,
it's not legal.
It's not,
it's not criminal,
but in the law in a greater truth.
It's a criminal act in the same way that in Nazi Germany,
it wasn't criminal to incinerate Jews.
You could do that.
That was not,
but you know from histories perspective,
it was an atrocity.
So in the same way,
it's an atrocity in a very small scale.
If you're destroying people's lives over nothing.
I know we've talked about this a million times and don't know if there's even
much you could do except shake your fist at some monolithic power that seems to
have infiltrated everything and hope for the best.
But God damn it,
man,
aren't you a little terrified that one day you'll end up with fucking ankle
manacles on wearing that bright safety orange.
A thing is you get sucked through that say tannic maze of lawyers and eventually
just land in a tiny little cell.
That can happen.
It's certainly can,
especially if you do something that threatens some,
some other powerful organization.
You know,
if you want to sell some sort of a drug that's not sanctioned,
it might interfere with the selling of another drug when they fucked up is when
they made it legal to have private prisons.
They fucked up when they turned opening a prison to a business.
That's the,
that was just a mess when they did that.
Man,
not just private contractors to build a prison,
but private prisons themselves that don't have to give you access.
They don't have to let you look around.
Like Louis Theroux was on the podcast from um,
you know,
from England,
the BBC show,
and he was talking about private prisons not being able,
you can't even get in there and let them in.
You,
we can't film in there.
Like,
you know,
public prisons,
you're way better off apparently.
Definitely private prisons.
You're,
you're essentially being used as a battery,
you know,
human battery to generate money
and what do you call it when corporate power and governmental power fuse.
Satan fascism.
Yeah.
Fashion brings us right back around to where we started.
Corporate corporate government interferes in is fascism that that's what it
fucking is.
And that's where we're going.
Yeah,
because you're right,
because once it's privatized,
then you get that shit in Pennsylvania because part of the contracts,
I don't know if you've seen these,
are the contracts guarantee an occupancy rate of 98 to 99 whatever percent.
It's in the contract that the state signs when they,
so like,
well you know,
if,
if we don't have enough people in the prison,
we pay penalties.
We do that Bubba.
So it makes business sense to make sure that you have that occupancy rate.
I mean once you do that,
then it's not about people anymore.
It's about corporate power.
Oh it's so dark.
That is a fucking dark.
That is always the big philosophical question.
Like what if everyone in the world decided to no longer break the law?
What if,
what would they do?
What would they do if everyone drove the speed limit?
Just for a day.
If everyone,
Los Angeles drove the speed limit for a month,
like nobody ever made a single traffic violation,
what would they do if they,
if they have a quota,
what does that quote,
uh,
based on?
Is it based on a zero some evolutionary point,
like there's no way we're going to ever evolve past this,
so we'll never stop speeding.
We'll never stop crashing into each other.
We never stop.
It's like banking on complete failure.
Banking on no growth because if there's,
if there's growth,
what are you going to adjust?
You're going to say,
well,
I guess we can't rely on speeding tickets anymore because people don't speed the
fuck.
That's like a $50 million a month bill that the city gets.
They're not going to fucking change that.
Fuck
you Google cars.
What's going to happen when all the cars are self driving?
Who's going to get six o'clock it's going to be no sexiness anymore.
Well,
you could feel my those sexual by blocking the back seat when you're going up
the five man,
half the thing is wrong there.
You shouldn't be in the back seat.
Should be driving like a man first of all,
and she didn't hear an engine that's fucking up the environment.
That's half the fun.
That's the Yin and the Yang.
The ones the fuck up the environment,
the most of the sexiest.
They smell like gas when you hit the fucking gas smell it overflow when you let
off.
Blah blah blah blah blah blah blah.
It's still fine man.
It is cool though how we are like moving in the direction of being able to just
perpetually but ourselves on autopilot.
Cause you know how they have those new cyber suits that you can put on in like
lift really heavy things.
You know they're going to make like miniature cyber suits where you can like
have them walk your body around,
well this is what,
you don't even have to walk.
You know like you're,
you can put yourself on autopilot.
You can like press a button on your suit and it gets you out of bed and like
walks you into the kitchen bath.
The atrophy of the Bosh is your teeth for you.
Yeah.
We have a real problem with overpopulation too.
We do in this area,
meaning overpopulation in certain areas.
There's a few spots in the country where it's just like you can't have this many
people shoved in together.
It's just not wise.
It's not sustainable.
There's,
I mean,
you're,
you're keeping it up right now on red line.
If it stops raining,
we're fucked.
If the gas flow stops and can't run trucks that carry vegetables,
You,
your trucks also bringing meet the water.
The water has to be pumped from Colorado earthquake.
Oh yeah.
How about got it all in one place.
There's so many things that could go wrong.
And one of the big ones is that we're all congested into this one area.
It's a riddle.
It's like a giant game of musical chairs.
Like everybody knows the music is going to stop and you're going to be fuck,
most likely not have a c.
But everybody's like,
fuck it.
Fuck it.
Let's just keep going,
man.
I was talking to this guy the other night and in like,
I was,
you know,
saying,
I don't know if I'm going to have kids and I,
I'm starting to feel happier and happier about that and he looks at me and he's
like,
that is a very selfish perspective.
He's just like saying that to you,
the opposite of self about that.
The fuck he say,
I guarantee you that guy's not even thinking that what he's doing is being a
parrot
person.
I get to squawking
Jane,
I'm moral high ground above you.
Hi Love Children.
In fact more than I love anything in this world.
So fuck you talk on.
He wasn't
matching it to like how by not having kids,
you're somehow not contributing to society somehow.
And he was like really?
Like you really thought he knew what he was talking about.
And you know I,
I quoted that Jack Kerouac quote where he said to have a child is the dam of
being the death.
Yeah.
You
know,
you know what,
what,
every time you have a baby,
you're giving something the death penalty.
It is
gross thing that people do where they claim moral high ground because they're
breeding.
I hated it when I was not a father and now that I'm a father,
I still hate it.
It's stupid,
right?
You don't have to have children.
You just have to be cool just if you want,
if you want people to like you,
you don't have to have a fucking baby.
All right.
Just be a nice person and people will like you be a nice person,
you'll have a positive impact in the slide.
You don't,
it doesn't like make you or break you with her.
Not you reproduce.
It just doesn't,
right.
It can enhance your life like many experiences.
It certainly has enhanced mine,
but you don't have to do it.
I've met some amazing people that have never have kids and don't want kids and
there's still great to be around.
I love them.
There's nothing wrong with that.
But there's so many people that when they get locked into something,
whatever it is,
it's the way to go.
If you're not going that way,
you're a fucking selfish Daqing and you don't even want to take care of her
baby.
I you have a little dog,
don't ya?
And I don't want to take care of that fucking baby getting,
I love my little facts.
Say Man,
when they invent a baby that knows to shit in this little sandbox from birth,
I'll,
I'll get a baby.
And if they're furry and cute.
Other than that.
I mean,
the only reasons I'm ever slightly regretful about the fact that I will never
have kids are selfish reasons.
They only see,
I'm not thinking for the kid.
I'm thinking like,
wow,
I'll never have that experience of this on.
Ever have that experience of that.
I'll never,
you know,
my little girl lying on my back while we read are like,
I'll never have those experiences.
But that's all about me.
You know,
as far as there's neutral,
you bring a kid in,
you don't bring a kid in,
whatever,
that's a wash.
Right?
Um,
and obviously for the planet,
it's a hugely destructive thing to have a child,
especially in American.
I don't buy that.
This is what,
I don't buy that because every one that I know that's awesome is a person.
The idea that a hugely destructive thing is bringing a person into his life.
You're going to bring.
If you create a good person,
what you're going to do is you're going to bring into this world someone who's
going to interact with countless people in their life and most likely have a
good personality and shed a good example of what a human being can be.
That's the potential of having a person,
but they're still going to use a resource.
What are we going to do with what happened to the world?
How about we all kill ourselves?
I don't have to worry about the world.
How about we like kill ourselves for the world?
Poor world is choking on our bullshit and sewage.
Let's kill ourselves.
Charles population here.
Oh No,
no.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not playing both sides of the fence.
We're here.
This is what I'm saying.
I'm saying we're here.
We should just enjoy the fact that we're here aren't here.
Don't worry about bringing kids into the world.
I we're going to bring kids into the world.
We're going to keep breeding.
What we should do is try to figure out how to be sustainable.
Obviously we're not going to keep reading.
You say you won't,
but one day a record,
I'm sure it load to
load.
The guy who was the president who's children are still alive today had kids when
he was like 60 something
and I've got one ball,
a mama's 40 I've taken acid almost my entire life.
My sperm look like to men cancer.
You're one ball survived cancer.
The other ball gave up.
Tapped out.
Exactly.
Super survivor
can easily gotten cancer at both.
By the way,
I'm not saying I'll never,
I mean I don't know if I'll have kids.
I'm not saying don't have kids or I just,
I just find it interesting how people really do think you should have a kid.
You know?
I think you're right,
man.
The idea is if you feel like having a child have a child,
what's that saying?
Only have a kid.
If you can't live without a kid,
you know,
like if you just have to have a child to have a child and then razor,
somebody had gone d somebody spit it out,
but it's true or not.
It's even Brian is fine.
What life is about us interacting with each other,
not just interacting with babies,
not just interacting with people that are genetically related to you interacting
with all of us,
and if you can contribute in any way.
There's a lot of people that are great pants that contribute to this world by
being a great pant,
by raising someone's going to influence other people.
And a lot of them don't necessarily get too much credit for that,
right?
But I think it's like you get credit for making a great painting and being a
fucking complete schizophrenia outside of that,
and everybody's like,
oh,
he's a brilliant genius.
But you don't get credit for raising a human being and developing the
personality of a human being or assisting in the development of a person's
perceptions and views of the world.
That's an incredible resource.
And the idea that every one of them is just fucking up the world.
Whatever the world's fucked period.
It's we're,
we're,
we're 2014 all right.
The,
the,
the direction that we're going at is fucked.
It's all fucked.
Was too many of us.
There's too much pollution.
It's not changing.
There's no,
there's the,
the global warming is happening,
whether you like it or not,
whether you blame it on democratic Vaginas,
sponsors,
whatever,
the,
whatever you do,
it doesn't matter.
Yeah.
Live.
Just live,
be alive.
The justifications of having a baby or not having a baby,
all of them are bullshit.
They're all bullshit.
Just be nice.
Just do it.
Live your life and be nice.
Yeah.
What do you,
you don't,
you don't buy it.
Hi,
Joe Rogan is Nelson Mandela.
Wait,
most people don't know where.
Oh No,
wait it before the show.
Yeah,
I saw a thing the other night.
I was watching,
uh,
sorry to interrupt you Duncan.
I wasn't interrupting.
How is asking you a question?
Are you asking me if I buy what you don't buy his it,
that you are one.
You're a person.
I'm guessing here use opinion as don't you should as an environmentalist,
not have kids.
Well,
I mean,
look,
I,
my whole world view
is,
is layered,
right?
It's,
it's like there's an optimist inside of pessimists surrounded by an optimist.
It's like atmospheric layers.
So essentially I agree with Joe that who gives a shit.
It's fucked.
That's the optimism,
right?
But within that,
I don't know if that sounds like that's what it is because it's like,
well,
if it's fuck that and I don't need to worry.
All right,
so I can be optimistic and happy.
All,
all right.
But within that,
there
is the sense that,
okay,
look,
we are uh,
uh,
a garage on the planet where it's sucking up the resources,
spewing out toxins,
destroying everything.
And some of us do that at a higher rate than others.
Americans at a higher rate than anyone,
right?
We create more carbon,
more plastic,
more everything,
and use more energy.
So having an American baby from an environmental point of view is not a good
thing for the trajectory of the planet.
Now,
within Joe's context,
it's all fucked anyway.
The trajectory is going over a cliff.
So have a good time.
No.
The only thing I agree on both levels.
The only thing that's going to help that it's human innovations at this point in
time,
the,
the momentum of creating things is so out of control that the only thing that's
going to be able to put a halt to it is a human being that's really smart.
That figures out how to do it sustainably.
A human being.
Yeah.
Figures out what one or a series or a group or a movement that figures out how
to engineer society the same way we've engineered many other aspects of our
society or our world that make us able to walk down a street and not worry about
getting eaten by a lion.
So engineer should have baby.
Awesome.
I don't know how helpful it is to think of,
I mean,
I know what you mean.
We're fucked and all that language,
but,
but we're not,
I don't,
that's,
I don't think we are and I think we're like thinking,
getting in that trap of thinking of our species is a,
as a plague on the planet.
If you think of this species is a plague,
then you're basically saying,
well,
I too,
I'm a plague.
Right then I am the cancer.
I'm walking,
I'm old Irving parasite.
And if you think you're living parasite,
then that means you're going to start acting like a parasite because why
wouldn't you?
You're a parasite.
So I think it's,
the language is weird because you're saying nature is malfunctioning.
Right now you're saying this planet is a malfunctioning planet.
Nature's gone wrong.
Look at terrible nature.
It made all these little humans and they're ruining the earth.
But it's like,
how dare you say nature is fucking up.
It's nature.
You're a piece of it.
You know it's,
you're a tiny little pea.
It's like a little droplet of water in a river being like,
this is an evil river.
It's tearing up
the shore.
Okay,
so by that logic,
how dare you,
you know,
get chemotherapy for cancer.
You know,
it's part of the whole,
it's your organism having,
you know,
it's mutations that just happen.
I think the mutations of cancer are similar to the mutation that's happened to
our species,
where it's a of a thing that grows out of control and threatens to destroy the
host.
Well,
first of all,
let me just say when I said,
how dare you,
I don't really mean how,
no,
no.
I'm just following them.
And number two,
um,
the,
as far as like getting chemotherapy,
which I didn't get,
but if you do have cancer and you get chemotherapy,
uh,
what you're doing is healing yourself.
You know?
So that's why you do it.
You get chemotherapy or interfering with the flow of nature.
Well,
I,
I think the flow of nature is healing.
Like that's nature's regenerative and heels are a part of it.
You get to decide what part.
So then I believe that by reducing human population to,
uh,
the very,
very small level where it's not impacting planet,
that's
the natural healing process of the planet.
No,
it's nature.
It's your nature to think that just like it's a nature of someone who is afraid
to die,
to figure out a way to survive the nature of a person who's worried about their
finite existence.
Creating a mortality is also natural.
All of its natural.
The human curiosity itself is natural,
human innovation,
human imagination,
all those things are natural.
So like we just live in a much more complex world that we've created because
we've created all these other variables within our nature that we don't like to
think of as natural,
but really natural plastic.
It's fucking natural.
Okay.
Yeah.
It comes out of people.
They'd pull it out of the ground.
We make it into fucking portal when you know,
zap it out of the multiverse and printed up the three d printer.
No,
we're fucking taking things out of the earth and we make it.
Everything's natural.
Every fucking component of the universe that we can measure is in fact black
holes or natural natural's a shit word because everything's fucking unnatural.
It's done.
It's a redundant word.
Every time you use it,
the world's natural.
You can plastic.
I think unnatural is a shit word I man made is what you should call handmade man
man created.
And that's also by the way nature,
just like a fucking beehives nature.
I just don't want to own nature.
I don't want to shuffle around feeling like I'm a Goddamn crab,
lice chewing through the planner.
You know you are,
but you're not to me.
You're not to each other.
We're not to each other.
But you know,
I mean how many people do you know that claim to be conscious and then they
throw a cigarette out the window and you watch them do it.
You know?
Now I noticed that because I've no,
cause I've seen you,
if you want Joe to attack you throw a cigarette down in front of him because I
every time it's like a,
the woods man,
that guy that did it in the woods,
Sasquatch hunter.
No,
that is true.
When you see somebody who's like,
when you watch them throw the cigarette down and it is an odd moment where
you're like,
Whoa,
what is that?
I never noticed it before because I never really just thought about it is that
guy,
we were in Utah for the Scifi show and this guy we drove,
we flew in,
we had a great time together.
We flew in,
we drove through Utah and the summer was so beautiful,
unbelievably green and lush.
Lee You tie is fucking beautiful.
Northern Utah.
Wow.
Whatever we,
yeah,
it was about two hours drive and uh,
we get all the way there and the guy within five may smoking cigarettes.
He smells like gin and he,
this is Jenny smelled like you think I always saw and he's telling us about how
he met big foot the first time we went and looked in,
he found a bulletproof wolf that appeared out of the mist.
And I'm like,
Oh shit.
So then I,
the guy,
he's,
he doesn't have a cigarette on him anymore.
We're in the fucking woods,
man.
You know?
And I'm like,
where's your sugar at Man?
And he threw it on the ground.
He just stepped down on the ground and I was like,
come on man.
The fuck you.
Was it a filter or filtered filter?
Filters don't biodegrade.
Well,
even the unfiltered,
come on man,
I don't want unfiltered in in it like two days it'll be gone.
It's paper.
You know,
I don't want to see it.
It's garbage.
If it stays for a week,
it's annoying for a week.
It's annoying for zero
amount of time.
If you take it and you put in your pocket,
it's a creep move.
It's a creepy selfish move.
The one people throw them out the window of their car when they're driving on
the highway.
All right.
That's a creepy selfish person because if you had any awareness at all,
the last thing you do is throw a fucking cigarette out the window.
Especially in California.
Well that's responsible for what percentage of the fires that happened out here.
I mean,
a lot of them are from people throwing cigarettes.
Even read Edward Abbey Know Desert Solitaire.
He was a famous,
probably the most famous author who lived in Utah.
He lived down in the south,
uh,
east around Moab,
which is all Red Rock and arches.
And it's fucking beautiful.
Completely different from where you guys were.
But if you ever go back,
go down there,
it's like amazing.
And that's where those dudes like swing through the arches and stuff.
Doing all the clients where that asshole Boyscout guy got arrested for pushing
over one of those rocks.
Oh yeah,
exactly.
That's,
yeah.
Yeah,
it is.
It's,
it's filming.
Good idea.
It had been there for millions of years.
Anyway.
Edward Abbey's is funny,
like cantankerous,
kind of like,
uh,
who are we talking about earlier?
The Gonzo,
a hunter,
s Thompson,
kind of that kind of character.
Right.
And he wrote this book where he was,
I'm cruising down the highway,
throwing cans of beer out the window.
Like he'd finish the beer and throw it out the window.
And he was very popular among environmentalist.
In fact,
earth first,
that movement started based on one of his books called the monkey wrench gang.
But anyway,
Edward Abbey was like,
fuck it.
The beer cans,
not the litter,
the highways,
the litter don't build the fucking roads.
Right.
The garbage is already here.
So I mean,
he,
it's interesting kind of twist justification.
If I ever heard one.
What a Douche bag.
Throwing cans out the window saying the road should be there.
Fuck you.
Read his book,
read his book,
Kim Cans flying out the window.
That guy's a douche bag without having read a word of it.
I might add.
I told you the one thing that would get under your skin,
you guys know about Earth first though,
right?
What we're doing is basically highlighting what we talked about earlier is that
someone can be a con also be like really awesome at something and that's what it
is.
You're,
you're defending him,
but you can't defend him.
He's a cunt.
No Song.
And you know why you're wrong because we don't even know they set you up.
We don't even know that he actually did it.
This is a book.
Okay?
So he wrote a book where he may have just said he did it as a way to make a
point.
He did it.
Now he's giving permission to all these other people to throw tin cans out the
road and the next thing you know,
we've got to,
it's raining tin cans out of every assholes.
Fuck.
It's actually more and that ruined it for the rest of us.
More of a cunt move to pretend that you did it and not really have done it.
Thereby greenlighting actually thrilling cans out.
I'm an environmentalist and you're like really good.
He was awesome.
Here's a guy that's what?
12 miles per gallon in your muscle car.
Wait a minute.
No,
my car,
my car is a six cylinder.
But also agree
is not Clinton never claimed to be an environmentalist.
That's the diff.
Why?
Why are you claiming that you understand how muscle cars work?
I don't have them.
I'm a nine 11 a very light car.
Cause you were saying earlier like you have the muscle cars and it's the,
you got to hear the,
you know the burn in the fuel that will drop one of those.
You don't drive one?
No.
So you're just like,
like Edward Abbey,
you just thrown out this bullshit.
Give him permission.
The muscle car kind of muscle car.
I have a different kind,
but the kind that I have is not like that.
It doesn't,
it doesn't eat up a lot.
Yeah,
yeah.
No,
this is my,
and here's where I take issue with Edward Abbey saying that the god Damn Street
is wrong.
It's already trashed.
Edward Abbey.
I like driving on concrete.
It's,
yeah,
it's fun.
I liked the,
I liked the roads,
the roads,
it,
he's on it.
He's using it.
Yeah.
I just think that,
that the moment you start saying like,
no,
this thing itself is the corruption.
You're the corruption.
Abby.
How about that?
Like,
just deal with your own self.
I think that's what it comes down to.
Deal with the fucking pollution inside of you.
You know,
that's gotta be it.
But deal with the,
with what's going on in the tiny little a grudge of nature that you are right.
That's it.
First start in there and then like before you're looking at roads and deciding
that roads are evil or whatever.
First starting there,
I'm talking to myself.
I'd point might be the,
I wag my finger just about everything and call it evil.
So I'm,
I'm a hypocrite in that.
But I do think that the more you can pull your tentacles out of the world with
all your tentacles pointing,
this is bad and that's bad and that's bad,
and bring it back in to you and see if you can find peace in there,
find tranquility in there.
If you can find equilibrium and yourself,
you're probably going to stop doing a lot of the things that are causing
pollution in the world.
I bet.
Maybe not,
but I would bet that if you could find a way to like may find stability and
peace,
you can treat people better.
You're not going to be so inclined to,
to do selfish things when you're happy,
you oftentimes become less selfish.
Don't believe me.
Chomp on some fucking ecstasy.
Eat some really good MDM a and then see how you start acting and you're seeing
the way you act when you're really in a bliss state.
And generally what do you do when you're on ecstasy?
How often do you hear,
yeah,
man,
I got on ecstasy and then gotten a fucking bar fight.
I just felt like beating the shit out of that guy as being a real dick.
It's like when you wake up from getting high on ecstasy,
your regrets always involve being too effusive with your friends.
Like I'll come to you after an exit teacher and be like,
Oh God.
I fucking told him I loved him.
I told him,
I told him how important he was in my life and I'd never want,
I'm going to miss him and you know what I mean?
Those are your regrets.
When you wake up after booze,
you're like,
oh,
holy shit.
I told that guy looks like he's in game of Thrones and I told that.
You know what I'm saying?
It's like in the eye,
it's internal environmental ism.
I
don't think there's any way to justify littering like that and justifying
leering
like that because there's something already bad there.
It's a silly proposition.
I think that if you sat down and talked to the guy,
he'd probably agree.
I mean,
unless he's an asshole,
it's you think you could ever justify throwing cans out the window.
Could you ever justify throwing cans out?
You wouldn't go to his house and shit on his carpet.
It's not a justifiable action.
You're ruining things for everybody else.
And if everybody did it,
the whole thing would be ruined.
Like go,
you drive through like the,
the boulder,
like you've ever really drive from boulder up into the mountains.
You don't see any garbage man.
It's amazing.
It's beautiful.
Cars drive through there everyday.
Nobody throws shit out the window.
They have a great respect for what that place looks like.
It's very rare that you see any garbage on the ground.
But what if everybody was like that guy and just through cans out the window,
you know?
Oh this shouldn't be here.
Well yeah,
yes it should.
It should cause that's how you use cars,
dummy.
And otherwise it takes a long time to get anything done.
All right,
so either we all don't use cars and we all walk around a city or you shut the
fuck up and stop throwing cans out the window.
Asshole.
That's stupid.
What are you?
You're in a car and you're throwing cans out the car because of the roads that
get the fuck out of here with this
smack that guy.
Take his keys and form into the world.
All Right,
get your keys stupid.
Don't let,
let this listeners don't let this discourage you from reading desert solitaire
and they still defending him because of his driving a volunteer.
That's the name of the game he plays when he drives his car and throws his
hands.
Fucking desert animals.
Yeah,
we shouldn't do that.
We shouldn't do that.
You know,
as as often happens,
I'm curse by seeing both points of view.
I think you have to be think he's making the larger point.
That civilization itself is the toxin.
And I so stupid.
If it wasn't a civilization to get eaten by wolves,
sock of fat Dick,
if it wasn't a civilization,
what about you man?
You know hunter gatherer.
If you didn't have a civilization,
completely empty argument,
which goes back to the idea that if you know you're born into a world,
into a time and place,
I'm not kidding.
What am I going to do?
So,
Hey,
mom and dad,
sorry,
I'm going to go be a hunter gatherer.
You know,
I mean,
what the fuck?
I'm not going to use my phone.
I'm not going to try.
The car completely invalidates any conversation because no one can ever
criticize civilization at all because we all participate in it.
So that doesn't make sense.
No,
that's not saying that no one can criticize it.
Well,
you're saying I should be a hunter.
He civilization isn't all evil.
It is what it is.
Okay.
Growth.
No design.
Like a growth or a movement.
It's a fungal growth is,
but it does not necessarily all bad,
but wait a minute,
but you're moving to a different conversation,
which is,
is it all good?
Is it all bad?
Of course not.
But what I'm,
what I'm objecting to is the idea,
cause I'm going to be dealing with this a lot in this book,
that the idea that you can't criticize civilization if you participate in it,
that's no one's come up.
It's
not,
that's not the argument.
The argument isn't that you can't criticize civilization.
It says civilization,
like almost everything is incredibly nuanced.
There's a lot of parts to it.
Yeah.
Some of the parts,
I feel like most of the parts are fucking amazing.
Most of the parts of not having to worry about most of the diseases that used to
wipe out the population,
not having to worry about gathering your food,
not having to worry about sewage,
not having to worry about information and education,
not having to worry about social structures,
not have to worry about being fucking invaded by rival Mongol herds and shit.
The amazing aspects of civilization,
in my opinion,
far outweigh the cancerous element of the very human beings.
Right,
exactly.
And now let me see.
Flip the whole thing back on you and say the reason you feel that way is that
you were raised in civilization.
So just like the Navajo call themselves,
the people and the Apache called themselves,
the people and the Iroquois.
Everybody believes that the time and place they live in is the place to be.
And so a lot of your information about comparing civilization to proof civilized
times is mutated and distorted by the fact that you were from this time and
place,
right?
You've got a vested interest in believing that,
for example,
you said,
oh,
I wouldn't want to have to worry about dying from all these diseases.
Everyone died from fact is all that like the top five killers of human beings,
all those diseases jumped over to humans from domesticated animals.
So they didn't exist in any important sense before civilization.
Oh,
there's no doubt that tuberculosis,
no influence
parks.
Sure.
Well,
we're there and there's no doubt that everyone and every point in time
throughout history was in the,
the,
the time that they were in and the best time for,
for human beings,
according to them,
we justify that.
We always justify that at work.
Or we look back in the past with nostalgia and that's what I think you do a
little bit.
Sure.
You know,
and I do as well.
I mean,
I think,
I'm not saying that civilization is the only way to live life.
And if we were living back in the tribal days of 6,000 plus years ago and the
Amazon or whatever the fuck it was,
and people were living without any possibility of anything being any different,
the difference between us now and then is the incredible possibilities of
civilization provides.
I personally find those things enriching and fascinating and I would way rather
hang out with people of today then some asshole from 6,000 years ago that
doesn't have the Internet.
But Jay being honest,
walking around,
do you understand how to talk the comedian?
I want to,
I don't always say what we mean.
I want to look fuckers.
I want to add something here.
When I'm walking around a group of people,
I've noticed that my,
the way that I,
that I'm categorizing that experience shapes the experience itself.
Absolutely.
So if I'm walking through a group of people and I'm thinking,
here I am among the Lucas,
look at them to Bauer in your,
yeah,
if I think like that,
then suddenly I am living in a,
in a,
I'm just basically another sticky little bit of scabies on some,
yes.
Herpes infested prostitutes,
Vagina.
But then if I look around and think,
wow man,
these are all expansions of the earth.
These are all expressions of the universe.
Here is the universe expressing itself in,
in,
in this is nature.
Sure.
Am I,
I'm not in South America,
I'm not surrounded by green and trees and I don't hear the sounds of the jungle,
but I am still surrounded by the natural world taking a very specific form of
man of manifesting in a specific way we call civilization.
And the moment I see it like that,
suddenly things get better.
It feels like I make connections more.
It seems like the,
it talks to you when we talked to each other,
we are the universe talking to it.
So do you believe in God?
I believe in a higher intelligence.
I think the word God is a real confusing word,
but as a term of convenience,
I'll say the reason I ask is that a,
that's essentially how I look at religion.
It's like people can choose to believe in something like that because it makes
their immediate experience more pleasant.
Well,
I,
not to get into semantics,
but I think you should separate religion from belief in God because I think,
I think you pull those those things away and then,
and then you,
you get into this idea of like,
oh,
you're just making yourself feel better,
and so you're sort of diluting yourself to try to turn your eyes away from
they're raging fires of hell because the fact is the locust vision and the
enlightened beings and magic of the universe vision are both true.
Exactly.
I'd leave open the possibility of a higher intelligence space in the fact that
if you look at the senses that some animals provide,
there's a lot of animals,
a lot of lifeforms on this planet that literally don't have the sensors to
detect us because we don't,
we're not involved in their world on a regular basis.
There's certain animals,
you wave your hand over a slug.
They have no fucking idea here.
There they don't care.
They know there's certain animals that are like that,
that don't have the ability to perceive whether it's fungus or whether it's
micro organisms or whatever it is.
Why would we assume that this is the end of the line?
Why would we assume that in our complex,
very limited,
in fact would,
you know,
we have so many,
so few senses,
we have them numbered.
I mean,
why would we assume that those are the only census to be had and there's not
some sort of a next step,
next dimension.
And the difference between,
you know,
oceanic creatures with no eyeballs and a person living in a penthouse in
Manhattan might as well call that a different dimension.
Sure.
You might as well because it kind of is.
And why would we assume that this is the end of the line?
That our ability to perceive and adjust our material world is the only one like
that out there.
And there's not something way more advanced that exists in the very fiber of the
universe itself.
And we can't detect yet because we're primitive.
Well,
it's like size,
right?
We assume size and time.
We judge it from here,
like our experiences,
the zero in our number system.
Right?
But,
uh,
you know,
like things become infinitesimally small and they become infinite [inaudible] so
we're not at the middle of anything because there are no ends to it.
Right.
But we just sort of randomly choose it and say,
well,
this is normal.
Anything smaller than this is small.
Anything bigger as bigger,
anything that goes faster than my experience of time is speed it up and anything
that goes slower is slowed down.
It's like,
well,
what the fuck?
What your assumption is bullshit there because it's based on nothing.
Light travels faster than what you
fucking crazy bitch.
Yeah.
Also the assumption
Chin up the birth and the death of the universe itself.
I've always wondered why we need to attribute these biological characteristics
like birth and death to the universe.
Like why would we,
would we automatically do that with no assumptions?
No,
we do it based on our own personal limitations.
The fact that we know that we live and die.
Other things live and die.
We're pretty sure planets live and die.
We're pretty sure sons have a life and then they burn.
We know it.
They've supernovas.
We know that sons die out.
We know our son has a certain amount of time left and then it's over.
We know it.
So we just assumed that the whole universe is like that.
Yeah.
Well,
we use the term die to refer to that moment of radical change that happens in
everything in the universe when it goes from being from one form to the next.
But it isn't really a death.
It's just a radical,
radical fucking change.
You know?
It's interesting.
Yeah.
We don't talk about the death of water when it becomes ice now,
you know,
although melting has a little bit of death in it,
maybe,
well,
it's just changed.
We're just like,
that's the thing.
It's like we're in this constantly morphing,
changing thing,
this constantly changing world.
And you get to,
I think what you said about where existing in these two plants,
all these dimensions.
One is the dimension where it's a bunch of locus chewing up a living planet.
Another dimension is where the living planet has sprouted a sensory,
um,
sensory sensory,
I don't know what you call it.
It's the what?
Sensory organs.
Organs,
which are,
yeah,
right?
It's that.
Or it's like that which are human [inaudible] who said human beings are the
universe looking back at itself.
Yes.
There's that.
And then these are considered like,
uh,
Ron doss talks about this,
how there's this channels that you can dial into and you get to decide what
channel you want to dial into.
So if you want to live in like the Fox News dimension,
you can live there where you're constantly,
your fists are clenched.
You're watching bill O'Reilly.
Everything Obama does makes you want to fucking kill yourself or kill somebody
else in your stomach is bubbling your chain smoking and listening to rush
Limbaugh and beeping at anyone who liked cuts in front of you in the wrong way.
That's a dimension.
You're in a dimension.
You're in a specific universe where you're at war with all these liberals.
Blahblahblah and Coulter is the goddess,
whatever.
So like,
but there are all these different channels that you can tune into.
And one of them is this channel where you just believe that everything's
perfect.
And that is blasphemy to a lot of people.
They don't want to fucking hear that.
They don't want to hear that everything's perfect cause then they say,
you don't look at the fucking radiation Fukushima holocausts people dying,
cancer kids that hyenas are killing the,
the the fucking though l we're all dying.
Everything's on fire door.
The Sun's going to Supernova.
How dare you say everything's perfect,
you know?
But if you,
but if you start just playing around with that idea and tuning into that idea
that no,
no,
this is perfect.
This is a beautiful universe.
I look at it Hubble,
the Hubble telescope and I see those incredible just deeps fields of stars out
there and I see the supernovas and I see all these things and I don't think,
Oh God,
the violence of the Supernova,
as it evaporates,
everything around it,
I don't think,
Oh God,
the monster black hole sucking this dimension into it.
And I don't think any scientist or cosmologists would look at that and be like,
Dad,
is violence happening in evil?
Yet somehow when it gets down to us,
these little fucking little meaty things,
that's where the things malfunctioning.
Now the black hole is fine.
It's not evil.
That's not a demon.
The black hole sucking fucking light into it.
That's not evil.
But suddenly when it comes down to us,
it's like,
yeah,
we're monstrous.
Asteroids killed the dinosaurs.
Yeah.
Chunk of metal flying 45,000 miles an hour through space,
slams into the earth and it's several miles deep within the first couple
seconds.
I say forever.
Forgive us,
but you're right to yes.
That's the thing.
You get to pick where you want to be.
The guy throwing cans out the window is still a Douche bag.
Do you know the locusts and grasshoppers are the same animal?
No,
I didn't.
It's the same.
Same animals executable.
Yeah.
What happens is you've got a bunch of grasshoppers,
right?
If there's not enough food,
the uh,
below a certain caloric intake,
they metamorphosize into locusts and they swarm and take off.
Wow.
Isn't that funny?
I'm thinking about that a lot as a metaphor for human nature,
right?
Cause we're talking about how fucked up the word nature is.
And everybody's always asking me,
having written this book and whatever,
you know,
what is it?
Human nature to do this human nature to do that.
It's like talking about locus and grasshoppers.
I think you,
we,
we become a different kind of being based upon our contacts.
That's not just insects.
That's wild pigs as well.
Wild pigs and domestic pigs are the same exact animal and for it was explaining
that that wild pigs,
it's,
I forget the exact term,
what,
what the pig,
you know what gender it is,
but when they move out,
like if like you get a wild pig and you release it out into the wild,
within three weeks they start changing.
Their body changes,
their snout extends,
their hair becomes darker and courser and their tusks grow like the hulk.
Yeah.
They grow these fucking crazy prongs.
When you see a wild boar,
that's the same thing as a domestic pig.
It's literally the same animal,
various an animal that morphs when it has to take care of itself.
Yeah.
If you leave a wild pig in it,
yeah.
There they are.
Look at the differences between those two animals.
Those are the same animal,
the exact same animal,
but the one on the right is wild and the one on the left is domesticated.
No
human beings.
There you are on the left,
on the right.
Uh,
hunter gatherers,
Sasquatch maybe.
No,
no.
It's still human beings.
That's the point.
Yes.
Fuck up their environment.
Yeah.
Hunter gatherers and I'm sure they don't go well.
They fuck up the golf course is what they fuck up.
They fuck up.
Fuck you don't fuck up farmland.
That's not the right,
that's not their environment.
That's the point.
They're disruptive to all your official environment.
Let's not a point because they're not,
they're not from here.
They're not indigenous species.
We brought them in entirely,
which gets back to why the Aztecs were cannibals.
By the way,
if pigs had existed in North America,
they wouldn't have been the,
yeah.
Pigs are so crazy with how they reproduce,
dear only reproduce once a year.
So they did.
They'd spit out a couple of fonts.
Pigs reproduce all year round.
They ship them out every three or four months and they shit out like eight or
nine of them,
you know or you know if a good litter,
but I saw a bunch of wild pigs and they had like a whole crew behind them.
They have the,
they traveled.
These packs like this is one video of wild pigs running through the woods.
I don't know.
I put it on my Twitter a while back.
It probably really hard to find it,
but if you just find this video,
it's the most insane thing you've ever seen.
It's like you're watching the Lord of the rings and a Goblin Army.
It's like trudging through the town here.
Crazy man.
We went hunting them and we were in this place called to hone ranch and where
that door is,
which is probably what,
20 feet away,
30 feet away that close pigs were fighting in the bushes and we're standing
there with rifles and the bushes are rattling like it's Jurassic Park and he
[inaudible] with each other tasks and then these crazy looking wild shaggy dark
things.
That's the same as babe.
Yeah,
same God damn animal.
Depending upon the circumstances,
if they have to fend for themselves,
if you take out all the,
the aggression of the,
the natural world so they don't have to be on,
on point from the moment they're born,
they don't have to be like aware of predators,
little piggies and not afraid of shit.
It's the same animals,
the same animals.
A wild boar without civilization.
Yeah.
The Universe is very complex,
man.
And there's so much adaptability within the natural world and quotes with the
world of organisms.
There's so much adaptability.
It's absolutely,
totally,
completely fascinating.
Getting back to your point about,
you know,
higher beings and why do we assume that we're the end of some spectrum,
uh,
another indication for me is just,
there are,
I mean,
I'm no mathematician,
but there are some like mathematical principles that are just too fucking
beautiful to be random.
And I mean,
I've had experiences traveling.
I'm sure you guys have had experiences where it's like,
Holy Shit,
that can't have just happened.
You know,
there is no rational way to understand how that just happened.
But a a,
a sort of universal one,
which uh,
I ended sex at dawn with is the,
the sun moon thing.
Do you know about this?
That,
okay,
so the,
the moon is obviously a fraction the size of the earth,
right?
One,
fourth,
one fourth,
one fourth.
Really?
Is that right?
Yeah.
And I would have thought much smaller than it.
It's extraordinarily large for a moon.
In fact,
that's one of the reasons why a lot of the ancients thought of it as a planet,
Huh?
Yeah.
It doesn't move like a planet though.
No,
it stays.
There's no regrets.
Regrets,
Shane,
if it spins around us,
but it doesn't spin in the air.
Right.
It just floats around.
It's the same side is always facing anyway.
So the moon is much smaller than the earth and the sun is far,
far got a hundreds of thousands of times larger.
Right.
And as you said,
the moon is this,
you know,
very important.
Obviously it's important to every civilization there,
every,
every culture that's ever existed.
The moon is often seen as feminine because of the changes and its association
with menstruation and so on.
And so forth.
And the sun obviously is super,
you know,
those are the two most important things that anyone's ever thought about.
You know,
in terms of like immediately obvious symbols and they appear to be exactly the
same size in the sky because the distance of the sun exactly compensates for
larger diameter.
It's interesting.
So you have to,
if you take the diameter of the moon divided by the distance from the surface of
earth,
it equals the diameter of the sun divided by the distance.
So that those two things appear exactly the same.
And you have these solar eclipses where the disc of the moon perfectly covers
the disc of the sun.
That is mathematically like,
how the fuck did that happen?
Is there is no reason mathematically for that to happen to gravitational law
though?
No,
it's not.
If you look at the,
in fact I talked to people about this,
you look at,
um,
what the moons of Jupiter look like from the surface of Jupiter.
They're not,
they have no relation to the size of the sun as seen from the surface of
Jupiter.
Right.
But Jupiter is a gas planet,
right?
Isn't that different?
Don't look at me.
There's not a gas plant.
It's not Saturn is Jupiter's not a gas giant?
I don't think so.
We can,
we can look it up.
I know there's,
did you guys just watched cosmos?
The oven.
So there,
cause there's a thing
called bodes law of that based on the amount of mass that a planet has,
you can accurately predict where the next planet will be and it works.
Apparently it's a Jovian planet.
It's a large planet that it's not primarily composed of rock or any solid
matter.
Yeah,
it's a gas giant.
What happens is four gas giants hold on a second.
Uh,
Jupiter,
Saturn,
Uranus and Neptune,
those are all gas giants.
What happens if you fall into a gas giant?
You're fucked.
It's a big swirling ball of death.
Well it says not primarily.
So no condom.
There's some solids within it,
right?
I mean it's like a,
it's like a conglomeration of,
it's just not primarily can pose of solid matter.
He probably couldn't fucking hurricanes of death.
There's this dorms that have been going on since the beginning of time that are
bigger than our planet.
The red spot.
Yeah.
It's just a storm.
It's this earth sized storm that's been going on forever,
which is the one with that crazy shape
at the top that spins around.
Is that Jupiter?
Saturn?
You know what I'm talking about?
The One?
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
That's sad.
Saturn.
Yeah.
It's got like a hexagon.
The top of it.
Yeah.
It's really bizarre.
It almost looks like a design,
but so is everything.
I mean,
you know the,
the lower you get and you start looking at different aspects of nature,
everything gets like,
look at ice crystals under a microscope.
Oh No.
Like salt.
Look at salt and graves of sand.
Have you seen that book?
This guy who takes micro photographs of grains of sand.
Amazing fucking wild man.
All different colors and little pieces of sea shells and coral and they're like
you.
They're all these wild crystal and things.
I just,
you assume every grain of sand is the same.
Yeah.
They're amazing.
That's it.
Want that.
Once you start getting the doors tuning into that channel that we're talking
about now,
suddenly the locust are gone.
Now the world's amazing.
Yeah.
Wow.
Look at these beautiful place that we're,
oh,
there you go.
Yeah.
Pictures of Sam.
Wow.
And you know,
those aren't uniform,
but I mean there are many things in nature that are,
I mean the FIBONACCI sequence,
it exists in flowers and pine cones and all these different things and ms
essentially perfect geometric pattern.
And that to me has got in there.
It is right there all the time,
right next to you.
If you just take a little bit of time to get yourself out of the perception,
uh,
that whatever the perception is that you've become accustomed to.
And that is like,
that's what they call,
I mean in,
in like a cult systems are in magic.
That's like one of the first things you want to do is to like pull yourself out
of whatever your conditioned patterns are so that you could see the world is
living even for a moment.
It's a,
it's a,
I really love chaos magic because it's like a postmodern form of magic that
isn't based on like,
this magic is real like Harry Potter Shit.
It's based on the,
if you can change the way you feel,
then you're going to change your life.
You know,
like if you,
if you can,
if you can induce certain mood states in inside of you,
then you're going to be more inspired.
You're going to write better,
you're going to be a better athlete.
So that's what it is.
So the,
the rituals that you use to induce those states,
that's considered,
that's what magic is.
Or that's one form of magic.
So it's like the ideas,
one really fun experiment you can do.
It's really cool,
man.
This is an a book I write about chaos magic.
You,
um,
go to like a place where there's shit loads of people and you put yourself in a
intentionally paranoid state.
Not Paranoid is in you're afraid,
but paranoid is,
is in the sense that everything happening around you is the universe conversing
with you for like 15 minutes.
Now the universe is talking to you.
So every accident,
every moment,
every tee shirt that has something written on it,
every song that you hear is related to,
uh,
answering whatever your question is.
So like an oracle or something like that.
And because our minds,
uh,
consist not just to the conscious but also the subconscious.
Suddenly you'll start seeing reflections of your subconscious in the workings of
the world.
You
and that can answer your question or give you some kind of like information that
you're seeking.
You really is the information coming from the world or inside of you.
It doesn't matter if you find a solution that gives you a course of action to
take that betters your life,
you know,
so it's good to not think that were,
I don't mean to keep going back to this,
but if you think that your,
uh,
a plague,
then that from a,
a cult lens,
that would be a spell that you're casting that would be considered a rich,
you know what I mean?
That's like an actual,
um,
you're actually going to induce a specific reaction from the universe around you
that maybe,
and maybe won't be so good.
Cause if you're a fucking locust,
what's the universe around you?
I think there's no denying that there's several factors involved in your life
and shaping your life.
And I think there has to be some impact other than attitudinal,
if that's a word that comes out of the way you perceive things,
that it might not just be,
oh well you're looking at things the wrong way,
you're going to be sad.
No,
it might be that you're shaping the energy that you produce.
These shaping what you put out,
you're shaping how people receive you.
And that may in turn shaped the very physical world around you.
The same way wolves change rivers.
Yeah.
And in the end,
the loan you take is equal to the love you make.
Yeah.
I mean they figured that shit out in the hippy days.
And isn't that what they meant?
Yeah.
And at the end of that great song
threw gas on the whole thing,
just get yourself all worked up in a nice paranoids froth,
which I am quite good at doing.
And then go into the world and you'll notice everyone's a dick.
If you ever noticed that when you're really,
you know,
like all of a sudden it's like,
God man,
everyone's being such a fucking cunt today.
Huh?
Did you realize every time I'm in la I noticed that man
creates a aggression within within me.
You know,
it's what you were saying earlier,
like people cut you off,
you get all angry.
It's,
I mean,
I used to,
when I was traveling a lot,
I first noticed this sort of phenomenon and I always thought of it as the,
the,
you know,
on a crowded bus phenomenon.
I get on the bus in Mexico,
whatever,
all the seats are taken,
I'm standing there,
it's a five hour bus ride.
I'm like tired,
I haven't slept,
I've got diarrhea and I'm sorta like leaning on the seat.
And the dude whose shoulder my ass touches occasionally is kind of getting
uptight and I'm thinking,
what an asshole that guy is.
You know,
fuck,
I'm standing here,
you know?
At least he could do is let me lean on the seat without giving me shit,
whatever.
And then the guy gets up,
gets off the bus,
I sit down someone else's standing there and they start,
their ass starts touching my shoulder and I get pissed off and I'm like,
yeah,
there you go.
It all depends on where I am.
You know,
like I am such a fucking hypocrite because my perception of this situation is
not accurate.
It's it's,
you know,
it is,
or it is accurate in both cases,
but both cases are true.
Now imagine this,
imagine an eat either of those situations.
You had just met a girl and fallen in love and you don't give a shit.
Yeah,
exactly.
Exactly right.
You're in love.
It doesn't matter if someone's rubbing against
you.
It doesn't matter.
Fucking dog could probably come and start chewing on your ankle.
It's going to suck,
but you're not.
Yeah.
You know what I'm saying?
So that's honestly,
that's why I traveled so much because traveling put me in the state of mine were
nothing bothered me.
But the idea is I always felt so lucky and happy to be wherever the fuck I was.
Here's the big question.
Can we induce that state of feeling love in love,
whatever you want to call it,
minus a condition.
So in other words,
is there a way to actually,
do we have the controller?
Is it already inside of us to find this place where we're constantly
experiencing that feeling of intense love wherever we go?
Because if you're feeling that the traffic doesn't suck,
nothing really sucks.
You know,
I said this on Ari's podcast,
which is like do something you have with someone you hate and something you hate
with someone you love and you'll see how potent the state of feeling and love
is.
Because if you do something you hate with someone you love,
you don't hate the fucking thing anymore.
But if you do something we love with someone who sucks,
it's no fun.
It's a miserable situation.
Yeah.
I mean there's also the question of are you trying to have it in,
in,
in asking for this state of love and bliss and whatever it is that the mistakes
are always guiding us toward.
Is that an illegitimate request in the sense that,
you know,
is that an ultimately selfish request?
You're saying,
I want pleasure without pain.
I want light without darkness.
I want bliss.
Without despair,
aren't those things?
Is there light without darkness?
You know,
is for now,
for now,
you'll get your darkness later.
You'll get plenty of darkness now.
For now.
Well,
that's sort of how I feel.
I feel like,
you know,
I've had,
uh,
you know,
if I,
if I tallied up my life,
I would say it's 90% great.
I would say more than 90% well,
look where you're at right now.
Yeah,
no,
whatever.
I mean,
but again,
that's one of those things like,
pick,
pick your perspective in the valley looks different depending on where you're
standing on,
you know,
it's always,
this condition is 100% great.
Yes.
It's just mappings.
All hundred percent.
No,
this is right now,
this condition right now we're in is 100% great.
There's nothing negative about it.
We're putting out all this conversation.
A lot of people are enjoying it.
They're thinking we're,
we're sparking ideas.
We're having a good time together as friends.
We're having a good time talking and stimulating each other.
This.
I mean,
these podcasts are awesome.
It's really cool and unique moments.
So for me right now,
I'm having 100% good time and this is what I'm judging.
I'm judging this moment,
this moment,
which you,
it's all about maintaining your balance on this tight rope.
How long can you stay?
Yeah.
Yes.
That's it man.
The razor's edge,
right?
That's what they say in Buddhism.
Walking the spiritual path is a great book.
Is Tricky.
Is treading upon the edge of a razor.
Yes.
Beautiful Book.
Travel and a secret,
like the movie to the razors.
I never saw the bill Murray.
Oh,
Bill Murray Gray.
Yeah,
but,
but yeah man,
that's the thing.
Dan,
I love like the other day man,
how has taken walk and I hit that fucking place by the river,
the La River.
This is,
I keep having that by the La River when I go for these walks and I'll hit this
place where it's like,
oh,
this is amazing.
This feels so good.
And then I'll think,
I want this feeling to last forever and then it's gone because I'm trying to
grasp at it.
I'm trying to fucking hold it.
Yeah,
that's that on Neil Young,
that Neil young song love is a rose,
but you better not pick,
it only grows when it's on the vine and full of thorns and you know you've
missed it.
Lose your love when you say the word mind,
you know when you're,
when you're trying to grab it,
when you want it to last,
when you're like,
no,
I don't want it to go away.
Go it flees and terror.
Oh awesome.
Is Neil Young?
He's the greatest man.
You should get him on this podcast.
So cool.
You know,
he makes his own bio diesel makes his own gasoline.
He has a farm and he makes his own gasoline.
Did run a diesel truck with,
he used to live right here in Topanga.
Really?
Yeah.
He's the worst.
Now I want to talk him.
It's a bad mother fucker to dog every skill in la somewhere.
I was working at a great wood center for the Performing Arts in Mansfield,
Massachusetts at a,
at a Neil Young concert once and uh,
it was the craziest concert ever because people couldn't hear well,
like it was the,
the setup wasn't very good that day for whatever reason.
And so the people in the top,
there was so much talking like the tea,
the top area was like this grassy area.
There was so much talking.
It was like,
it was like riots almost.
And then people started lighting fires and people had snuck in booze and they
had to shut the concert.
Ah,
they had a shot,
literally stopped the concert because there's so much chaos and it was all in a
Neil young concert
at sac.
It was wild.
It was wild being there.
I put a jacket on over my security jacket.
I was like,
fuck this.
I'm blending in the crowd.
I zipped up and got the fuck out of dodge.
I think that was one of the last shows I ever worked.
I was like,
this job is just to fucking crazy.
It's too dangerous when,
when shit goes wild and you see like a whole,
uh,
this whole field filled with people partying,
they're all fucked up drunk and they're lighting fires.
I mean it was just craziness.
And then people are beating the shit out of each other randomly.
Like you find like the little packets of people beating the shit out of each
trawling.
Yeah.
It's per browse just broke out.
And Neil Young concert.
That's Joseph.
Listen,
everybody in Massachusetts will punch you in the face.
Okay.
Be well aware of that.
True.
Everybody in Massachusetts that you're in an argument with,
you have a very good shot of getting punched in the face.
That's just a fact.
Man.
Did you see that video of that riot that broke out at the sport?
The basketball game?
Like an Intel,
a riot broke out in the crowds.
Like people were not shocked when human stampede,
it's scary.
Happens all the time in Brazil at that soccer matches.
But
that guy,
the referee stabbed,
they had the referee got in a fight with someone in the,
in the crowd.
Okay.
A Fan,
uh,
tried to stab the referee.
And the referee wound up stabbing the fan,
or the fan was attacking the referee.
The referee stabbed him and killed him.
Then the audience came down
and rip the guy apart,
cut,
decapitated him and removed his limbs.
The ref referee,
Ooh.
The fans murdered the referee and cut his head off.
And it wasn't just one fan that did this.
It was like 28 people that did this.
They tore this guy apart and cut his limbs off and cut his head off.
See,
everything's perfect.
Well,
the Buddhists say,
no snowflake ever falls in the wrong place.
No snowflake ever
falls on the wrong decapitated.
It's all the,
with the university plan.
Don't go fucking stabbing people and you won't get dismembered in front of a
large crowd of soccer fans.
Yeah,
I mean the,
uh,
they've arrested a few people,
but I don't know how that works.
How many people can you try for murder?
Look at this Brazilian soccer referee beheaded by angry fans who put his head on
a stake after he stabbed a play
old school.
Wow.
They put his head on a stake and then they'll look,
man,
all those prime,
evil ways of dealing with things,
all of those most
Lacrosse,
you know how lacrosse started?
No,
it was a substitute for war among the Iroquois and the people who lived in
northeast us and we're part of Canada.
So what they did was they developed this game and the cross,
there was no field initially,
there was like a hoop,
you know,
that they would put it on a steak and one part of the woods and the other one
and the other part of the woods.
And they had the,
you know,
the sticks and all that that they would and you would like fuck people up.
You'd kill people along the way.
You'd like stab people with your stick.
And uh,
I don't know if this is true in all cases,
but in many cases the,
the losing team,
whoever was still surviving would then be tortured and killed.
So is actually a substitute for war.
Kind of like Chai,
not just go to war.
Well,
that's what the most,
he's here.
By the way,
that doesn't sound like a substitute for war.
It's channeling of war.
Well let's think about it when it's warm.
It's women and children.
I kid,
you know?
Yeah.
And also I mean being tortured among those people.
When you were talking about the Nez Perce say earlier,
I was thinking that sounded to me like the people in that part of North America
and the east,
cause there was a lot of torturing and eating of uh,
a victims,
but that was seen as um,
honorable.
If you were,
if you were vanquished in battle and captured and eaten and you would be
tortured and killed the running the gauntlet,
you know,
that's from those tribes and they would get everybody out there,
old ladies,
everybody.
And you'd have to run down through this line and they'd hit you with spikes
sticks and they just fuck you up as you went down this corridor.
This,
these are the hunter gatherers.
These,
well,
so they were,
some were agricultural,
but yeah,
it's the perfect people.
But he always talks about you guys,
this is good training for me.
You guys are actually harder to argue with them then academics
don't have any humor.
Humor
is the hardest thing because you look like a fool when people are laughing at
you.
You're not going to,
what was your point is good or not?
Yeah.
Sun In Sunday's New York Times I was quoted saying,
uh,
ted is many things and humorless is generally one of them.
Well,
you're right.
Yeah,
I know.
You're right.
It's unfortunate that it's unfortunate if they would have both.
Yeah.
What they did to Sarah,
I think we probably talked about their whole Sarah Silverman thing.
You know,
they tried it.
They made Eddie Wong stay.
Any wants a fucking famous chef.
They made him stay with other people.
They made them stay like as a college kid and then they trashed and when he left
to come do your thing,
he's like,
I'm taking an afternoon off.
No,
you can't leave.
What the fuck are you talking about?
They make you talk.
The people,
they make you sleep or they want you to sleep,
but you know,
they provide awesome content.
But it's another one of those examples of just because something does something
awesome doesn't mean it's not inherently fucked as well as being awesome.
You know,
Wernher von Braun was a con,
but he was also a brilliant rocket tower con.
He was eventually archive.
I mean,
it's just a part of the world.
There's nothing perfect out there.
You know,
people try,
but so far it's never been achieved.
All right,
let me throw this against the wall and see if it sticks.
There may be something inherently condition about people who are high achievers.
This did just competitive.
It's just,
you don't have to be inherently continues to be successful,
but you don't have to brands way that.
Don't switch it around.
Right.
I'm saying that people who are high achievers,
I,
there's a book called the psychopath test,
uh,
where he,
shows a Jon Ronson shows that,
uh,
executives,
high achieving executives,
bankers,
stockbrokers,
military people,
politicians,
I'll have a much higher rate of psychopath.
He then normal people,
right?
So there's something about being a high achiever.
You're willing to throw people under the bus.
You're willing to stab people in the back.
You're willing to do what it takes.
You've got the fire in the belly,
you've got ambition.
Ambition itself is,
I know,
and I know there are exceptions to this,
but I think ambition itself is psychologically pathological because you don't
want to be where you are.
I think you want to get somewhere else.
Ambition without honor,
ambition without ethics.
Ambition,
without morals.
without a code.
That's when you run into problems.
It's not the ambition itself.
It's the ambition representative in a,
in a form of fuckery.
You know,
it's represented in cheating.
It's represented in a evil behavior.
There's,
there's absolutely ethical competition and anything less than ethical
competition should be dishonorable and should be,
it'd be,
should be preferable to be poor.
And that's the problem.
There's a lack of honor and these are lack of a code.
And one of the reasons being is that our society and the rules that have been
thrust upon us in many ways is so ridiculous that we reject it.
Yeah.
You shouldn't probably walk across the street and randomly anywhere and Jay walk
and make people slam on their brakes.
But you shouldn't make me pay money cause I walked across the street.
Why do,
why do you get money?
Because why?
What does Jay Walking?
What is that?
There's a lot of those things.
Parking tickets and all sorts of stupid
things about like speeding quotas were fundamentally,
yeah,
you probably shouldn't.
Speed shouldn't put people in danger,
but who the fuck are you to pull people over and make them write paper?
What?
Because we elected someone to be in a position to control the traffic and this
is your solution.
This is a stupid fucking solution,
man.
This whole thing sucks.
You guys need to steal money for people every year just to pay your fucking
salaries.
You're not even funded.
You're funded by the fact that people are getting robbed.
You're pulling people over for rolling through a stop sign.
You're a cunt.
You know the whole thing's cont ish.
You're in a business and that seems fundamentally to be the problem is that we
don't have codes,
that we don't have a clear ethical structure for our society that's based on
being nice to people and raising nice children and stopping abuse at the
fundamental level of childhood and child rearing and making and developing
shitty human beings that further instigate this problem.
I think.
I think the fellow showed though,
while it is very clear,
it is,
no,
it's not clear,
but I think ultimately the code is get away with whatever you can get away with.
But that's not true because there's many people that are very happy because of
it succeeded in life without doing that.
Okay.
We celebrate,
uh,
I don't remember which coach it was who said,
winning's not the biggest thing.
It's the only thing.
That's what you say when you're trying to motivate players.
It doesn't mean that that's what people really funny.
Have you seen that Alan Watts animation,
the South Park animation,
if you seen that,
some of them,
have you ever seen the Alan Watts South Park animation?
Can we play that?
You know that I'm talking about.
I can find it for you.
I'll find it.
It's so good.
There are a bunch of them.
There's one that I'll find this totally related to this.
Hold on people.
Go ahead.
Duncan.
People celebrate.
People that have a code.
The code is not celebrated,
but on a social level,
on a social look,
I mean,
look at it's the most money.
Who gets the most ethical people,
but we don't celebrate that in its entirety.
We don't celebrate and making the most money at all costs.
We don't celebrate what we do.
Sell those people.
No,
we do celebrate it by giving them the money.
That's the point.
That's a stretch.
Celebrating down on those people.
We get angry.
They don't give a fuck.
What do I see?
That's where we disagree.
I think every person who's not completely out of their fucking mind thinks about
what other people think about that.
All right.
Then we're back to money being toxic,
but I'm just saying on a honest,
not necessarily money being toxic.
Simplification.
I think you are slow.
That's all I'm trying to say is as a on a social level,
social construct,
our the re most resources go to those who win at whatever their,
their thing is best if they're in banking and finance because that's where more
money is going these days and not if they do it unethically.
Ethic the the society rewards winning.
We talk about politicians who have the fire in the belly,
who have the ambition,
who have the need to be leaders and so on.
Those are not healthy people
and the people who should be our leaders are the people who aren't interested in
being earlier.
Yes,
I agree with you.
There's a structural distortion in our society that celebrates something that on
an ethical level we don't agree.
You can I show you guys this thing cause it really sounds like what you're
talking about.
Sure.
Play that video.
It's so good to south park people animated all of these Alan Watts things.
It's so good.
We don't hear any
in music.
One doesn't make the end of the composition.
The point of the composition.
Yes.
That was so the best conductors would have
there would be composed of different it
people go to conference,
just the other one crashing.
Because
what we don't see that as something brought by our education into our everyday
conduct,
we've got a system of schooling just gives a completely different impression.
It's all graded.
And what we do is we put the child into the car door of this rain system with a
kind of calmer,
kidding,
kidding.
Um,
yeah,
you're going to kindergarten.
You know,
and that's the great thing because when you finish that,
you'll get into first grade and then come on in.
First grade is the second grade and so on.
And then you get out of grade school,
you've got high school and it's revving up.
The thing is coming.
Then you've got to go to college by Jovan.
You get into graduate school and when you're through with graduate school,
you go out and join your world and then you get into some racket when you're
selling insurance and they've got that corner to mate and you're going to make
that.
And all the time this thing is coming,
it's coming.
It's coming.
That great thing.
That's success feel wasn't from then.
When you wake up one day about 40 years old,
you say,
my God,
I've arrived.
I'm there.
And you don't feel very different from what you want with felt and was a slight
let down because you feel as a home and there was a hoax,
a dreadful hugs.
They made you miss everything.
Because we thought of life by analogy with a journey with a pilgrimage.
We tried to,
serious purpose at the end of the thing was to get to that end success or
whatever it is,
or maybe Evan after you're dead.
But we miss the point the whole way along.
It was a musical thing and it was supposed to sing or to dance while the music
was being safe.
Yeah.
Live your life pitches.
Alan Watts is a bad motherfucker.
Yes,
he was,
man.
Yeah,
totally.
You know,
so that's the ambition that you're talking about.
It's like when people are always rushing and rushing at trying to get to the
lack of balance.
Yeah.
You know,
when we were talking about the bankers and the people that are handling the
mind,
what percentage of our population is actually bankers versus what percentage of
our population is actually ambitious versus what percentage of the resources of
our society go to those people?
We have a corrupt system.
This is a corrupt system and once people are in power,
they're very reluctant to give away any of that power and so they keep lobbying
and bribing essentially
see to keep the laws of that.
Yeah,
exactly.
The reason I'm arguing so vociferously about this is that I think that you're
right,
it's not clear because we've got a two track system.
We've got a an ethical system that tells kids be nice to each other,
you know,
blah,
blah.
The golden rule,
but the structure underlying the fundamentals of our society are sending the
opposites,
a message there saying,
fuck everybody,
I get yours.
I think they are though,
but I'm saying this is why it's a symbol vacation because we obviously have
rules in place to keep people from stealing.
We obviously have rules in place to protect,
but as Duncan said,
not if they're inside the system.
That's the point.
If you steal a hundred million dollars,
nobody went to jail for what happened in Wall Street.
Nobody.
All those banks you talked about in Miami laundering,
drug money,
they've been doing it for decades.
Hundreds of millions of dollars a year.
Nobody's ever gone to jail for that.
Right?
But that's not out in the public.
And that's not out in the open.
What's out in the public and what's out in the open is what's,
you know,
what we hear about in the news and what,
it's the poor people getting hauled away.
The skinny guy in handcuffs.
So what I'm saying is there's this fundamental hypocrisy at the heart of
American society and many other societies,
but particularly in American society where the ethical message is in direct
contradiction with the fundamental values of the way the society is structured.
I see what you're saying.
And about corruption being because of human ambition and that human ambition
when it gets into position in Japan,
positions of power,
ultimate power,
corrupting ultimately that there's almost no way to avoid it.
That maybe it's just that human beings should never be in that kind of a
position of power.
Maybe something like a corporation where you can go outside of the laws of human
one on one interaction,
maybe something like that just really should have never been allowed to take
place because as soon as you allow people to have groups and those groups to
have massive influence and then the dem to benefit personally from that massive
influence,
the decisions that they make affect so many people and they're so gigantic,
they're almost anti human and that's essentially what people always accuse
corporations of being anti human.
It's because they've become a part unwittingly of a much larger organism that
needs people to live off of but isn't a person
and it's whose interests don't align with those of human beings.
It's,
yeah,
so it's not even like humans.
Human ambition is what a problem is.
The problem is,
is when it gets funneled into these giant groups,
because one person on their own,
it doesn't really have that much power.
This is the of the power that they can physically,
you know,
do whatever they can do with people around them.
But most of the time,
and you know,
you're fucking around.
You're one person and you,
you know,
you're subjugating a bunch of different people.
They all attack you,
they'll go after you.
But the problem is when they,
when things become so big,
they can no longer be attached
and shame is no longer an effective form of controlling.
It doesn't mean anything.
Like,
Hey,
I don't give a shit if I'm like destroying the Amazon with my oil wells,
uh,
because my friends like me
[inaudible] because I throw good parties and I take them out of my,
I'll do it.
We're all doing it.
Everyone's doing it.
I'm destroying the Amazon.
You're just trying to mean we,
we'd all be together in it and we'd sort of justify it in some sort of a way.
Yeah.
There's the locust.
The rule was on,
he was talking about Fred Phelps and that,
that crazy Baptist church,
Westboro Baptist church with,
he spent three weeks with the guy and he said that one of the weirdest aspects
of his trip was that after three weeks,
although it didn't change his views of the world,
he thought all the things you were saying,
you know,
God hates fags and all that was very horrific.
It became normal and commonplace.
It became like the impact of it was less because he had been around it for so
long that he had been sort of acclimated to it and he thinks it's one of the
ways that these people get away in their own mind with doing this and sort of
connecting it to the idea that this is God's word is because they just get so
accustomed to it.
They get acclimated to madness.
Do you guys,
do we all right,
so you don't get to decide what you want to harmonize with and if you're like
you,
that's,
that's what I'm saying.
You get a little bit,
a little bit if you can,
if you can,
but if you're a child or if you're raised in a terrible fucking place where you
can't get out and you're stuck there as an adult books man books are the
greatest training if they exist,
if they exist,
but then it brings back to the Internet because that's what I always say is the
great savior of the human being because the Internet connects all the ideas
together to everyone everywhere,
whenever it's available
and you have to,
but you have to decide what you're going to look for.
That's the main thing.
What are your,
what are you mining for?
If you're mining for demons,
there's a part of this mine that's filled with fucking demons but you can
harmonize.
That's the thing you can tune in for sure.
And there are,
there are lots of different ways to do that.
You know it isn't hopeless.
Does is that joke?
I've,
I've actually given up the joke cause I haven't,
I can't make it funny but I've been saying it,
being in the United States is like being a cell in the body of a very healthy
serial killer,
you know,
and it's like so,
so,
so the,
the the thing to do is not to try to destroy the organism or try to like you're
not going to be able to fight against an entire thing.
It's to fix yourself.
That's what it is.
Fix Yourself.
That's okay.
Did you fix yourself then you become the cancer cell because you're disruptive
to the dominant,
the logic of the,
of your host,
right?
Yeah,
I,
but I hopefully it's not hopefully like the idea is like if you know,
you get one really fucking happy person and that happy person is going to change
the people around them.
Well that none did you hear about this nun who just went to prison?
She's like in her eighties in Pennsylvania,
she was one of these nuns who broke into a,
some top secret,
a defense lab in Pennsylvania or Maryland.
They went in at night and nobody caught them.
And they like when are,
they didn't hurt anything,
but they were demonstrating how unsecure the information there was and how easy
it would be.
And they,
they stay there peacefully and got arrested.
I think it was a non in two priests and uh,
she just went to prison.
I mean,
she became,
you know,
disruptive to look at Snowden for is another example.
Sure.
Let Bradley Manning or you know,
Snowden manning and snowed.
Like if you look at that,
they tuned into a higher frequency,
which is the frequency of justice,
of truth of what's right.
A higher ethic tuned into that.
Any key sacrificed everything for it.
Now he's a hero and he's created change.
Big Time change in that body of the serial killer.
It is that you didn't fix it,
but God dammit,
that's not going away.
People aren't forgetting the fact that they're being monitored.
That didn't go anywhere.
That's constantly going to be,
uh,
that,
that's,
that's the,
that would be an example of a serial killer having something go from the
subconscious to the conscious,
you know,
or suddenly the serial killer is like,
ah,
it's a kidney stone hearing shit.
I'm,
I'm killing people every day.
I don't know if this is really good.
It created a little bit of indigestion and society,
you know,
and,
and one person did that.
That's one person doing what he thinks,
right?
Yeah.
So what happens if we get five of those people and then what happens if you get
20 of those people?
The change can be so drastic and radical that it would make your heads
well,
I think he's going to be looked at in the future.
It's a revolutionary.
Yeah.
That'd be looked at as a guy who sacrifices on safety to save the culture.
And you know,
when you see that guy do that video conference from south by southwest and these
giant standing ovation,
whatever,
what other person who's being shielded by another country,
a country that we always think of as evil gets treated like that.
Right.
What other criminal that's running from the long arm of the government.
He's hiding literally.
He's caused himself like a large house cat.
That's what he says.
He's like,
here's the life of a domestic house cat,
because he doesn't go outside.
Wow.
Just lives inside the house.
I mean,
if he didn't go outside it would be Russia,
which also sucks.
It sucks.
And he's probably on some giant list of death wishes.
I mean,
people who they want dead,
you know,
stupid.
The wiki leaks guys is as fucked up as he is.
Well,
he's apparently a real asshole and very egotistical and manipulative and
narcissistic and I would reserve judgment until I met him.
I really would.
I just,
I think I can imagine how much character assassination has been doctored up
about that guy.
So you're going to come up with one guy to character assassinate.
It would be Julian Assange.
He looks like a Douche bag.
He's got silver hair.
There's videos of him dancing.
It's so easy to just say,
that guy's a con,
but I don't know that.
Right.
God forbid any video of me.
Seriously,
dancing emerges on the fucking internet
easily take a point of view of either one of us,
especially if they had a stuck in a house somewhere that you were a total piece
of shit because you become some gigantic controversial figure and you might have
jeopardized American safety by releasing military secrets.
And there's so many variables there that it's so easy to label you a con.
Plus you'll look like a cunt,
you know,
he looks like a con.
It's fucking silvery and his fucking
posh accent.
Fuck that guy.
That's everybody thinks,
and then you hear all this crazy shit about him,
you know,
being creepy to women and Oh,
I saw that common.
Yeah.
Well that,
that's definitely a set up,
that whole rape thing.
I mean,
well,
it's certainly a really transparent way to try to get him out of the country.
I mean,
that's the most transparent shit ever.
Oh,
you're not worried about the wiki leaks thing you worried about he might have
had sex with someone.
Yeah.
Someone who actually invited him over for another night after the event.
And what she was pissed off about.
It wasn't that he fucked her,
it's that he fucked her without a condom in the middle of the,
there were lying naked in bed.
Right.
He got a boner.
He stuck her.
Then she got mad.
Come on.
Even if she did get mad,
which by the way,
she does have every right to get mad.
How'd that become an international incident?
How was that something where you're fucking locking some guy up?
Right,
right,
right.
What kind of a balance does that show when you look at what people are getting
arrested for and not getting arrested for?
Yeah,
that's a shit head thing to do in that guy.
That girl shouldn't hang out with that guy anymore.
But if you did go out with them again afterwards,
well people are allowed to make mistakes,
but you're not allowed to lock that guy up in a fucking house for a year and
have armies waiting with loaded guns,
standing outside.
Take his fucking head off before he can testify.
Yeah,
that's it man.
That's,
that's the thing you,
it's creepy when you think about the trajectory,
cause I remember they were talking about,
yeah.
Okay,
well what if he does go back to stand trial?
Is there a possibility that there an extradition policy where they could put
them back in the United States and like,
well yeah they do have an extradition policy and then it's like,
okay so wait,
there's an extradition policy.
It goes the United States.
Is there any potential he could be executed for what he did and like,
wow.
Yeah,
it's trees.
It's a little unlikely.
But yes,
he could be executed.
He will no doubt be arrested and jailed forever and probably killed in jail
before he even gets to try and maybe it'll be stuck mandolin manning style in
solitary,
Simon and naked in a cold cell.
We will barely stay alive.
Like I was telling you,
I did.
You know about that fucking chemical waterboarding just being given fucking
Larry him read my friend's book,
the answer to the riddle as me,
it's great.
Got Amnesia and fucking India,
but that's variable.
But explain to people people don't know delirium is,
well,
Larry is a,
yeah,
it's a,
it's a anti-malaria drug that it's for a small percentage of people who take it,
it can accumulate in your brain.
And then suddenly my,
my friend's book,
uh,
he describes it as putting your thumb on top of a hose and you're on one of your
neurons.
I'm sure I'm saying it wrong,
but it's like basically all your,
I'm going to say it my own way,
the dumb way.
It's like your brain juice goes spraying all in the wrong places and then you
end up completely losing your fucking mind.
My friend forgot who he was,
had no idea who he was.
Uh,
he lost all of his memories,
had to be reminded of what his life was,
had to go through.
All his pictures is all in this fucking great book.
And I do want to plug it,
cause he's one of my best friends.
The answer to the riddle is me so fucking good.
But in this book he talks about the history of Larry Him and then he talks
about how it,
God Damn Guantanamo Bay,
they're giving this drug to people who they know that they know causes Amnesia
and insanity.
They're giving it to people in Guantanamo Bay in massive doses and apparently
there's no malaria there.
There's no,
there's no mosquitoes that cause malaria there,
so why the fuck are they giving these people this drug?
It's sinister man.
So they're giving them the drug just to erase your memory.
It's essentially like their version of what the aliens do to you after they
check your butt.
Yeah,
exactly.
They're wiping their just fucking were there.
They're fucking with their brains.
It's a psychedelic.
When your brain malfunctions on Larry Laurium,
it's basically like you're on acid for a couple of months.
Like you don't just lose your memory walls.
Binned there's a suicide note that in his book of a guy who was just talking
about how it's been like three years and he's still exactly as fucked up as he
was when he started taking Laurium.
It's the,
it's a note to his family,
but the point is that's the guy who was never charged with a crime,
by the way.
Right,
exactly.
That's what I'm saying.
So fucking a Sanje comes back here.
It's not just like they're going to lock him up.
It's like they're going to be injecting all kinds of weird shit into his body.
They're going to be filling in with weird chemicals.
That's spooky,
man.
It's very spooky.
It's very spooky and it's very strange how many people don't see it that way.
Yeah.
How many people see will live there?
Everybody.
Dude,
the new gig.
Would you nudge dude secrets?
What is the United States?
It's a collection of humans and at the very top of that collection,
what exactly are they doing?
They're doing what?
They're doing this.
They're shooting missiles at fucking minivans filled with kids.
They're working for corporation.
What are they doing?
They're extracting money.
National interest.
Speaking of books,
did you and Louie thorough talk about his dad at all?
No.
You know who his dad is?
His Dad's a really well known writer.
Bill is probably the most famous travel writer in the world.
Paul Theroux,
he wrote the mosquito coast.
Great movie.
Harrison Ford's.
Great kidding.
No,
I don't think he brought that up.
It was a great conversation though.
He was really fast.
Anything I watched like the first half of it.
He's great.
He's such a cool guy.
Very,
very funny guy.
He thinks I'm going to call it though.
He thinks I've started to call.
He,
I could tell he was examining me.
Is He based in La and he is now.
Yeah.
But you know the way he does his,
his,
his shows,
you could tell you looks for like cult everywhere.
He looks for like,
did you tell him to shut Patchouli are Americans.
I stopped telling him that.
Told him a couple of times.
Everybody has shaved their head.
Well,
he's felt a bit weird now he's got the Jesus beard broke out the beard on the
website.
It was the first time you ever did it.
It was on the podcast.
First Time you ever showed the beard.
I was very proud of that.
So what about this LSD tainted meat in a Walmart,
Jackson,
Lsd,
and don't read it.
They said and write it.
I don't,
I didn't exist.
Someone you know,
I don't know.
I didn't examine this.
They said the LSD,
if you cooked it in meat it wouldn't.
It wouldn't last.
It's a very delicate chemical and point.
I've heard that also about the French.
A case where the CIA dosed a,
all these people's bread is there was supposedly a,
an experiment that the French,
a French town that the CIA dosed and entire today,
I suspect that that story might be a mixture.
St Elmo.
Saint Saint Vieta says fire,
I think it's called.
There's this story about the witch hunts and some anthropologists went back and
looked at towns that had a the most sort of a crazy witch hunts in the medieval
period and he found that the years,
the year previous to that,
there had been an unusually high level of a rain and so air God,
which is a fungus that grows on rye and wheat and some other grains had grown a
lot more in air,
got also contains LSD.
Think it's actually a late frost.
But I think you're right.
I think it was late Friday.
That's the issue.
But this was always in the bread.
Yeah.
This was not that case though.
This was,
this is something that different,
that's one of the things that they used with the Salem witch trials.
The Salem witch trials they blamed on air.
Got a really,
they think that when all these people were freaking out about being hacked,
and that's probably what was going on in there.
Probably.
I'm really intense psychedelic experience.
Uh,
experiences.
A 50 year old mystery of the curse bread have a point.
Sate Esprit,
which left residents suffering who's nations has been solved after a writer
discovered the u s had spiked the bread with Lsd as part of an experiment.
Ooh,
1951 at quiet picturesque village in southern France was suddenly mysteriously
struck down with mass insanity and hallucinations.
At least five people died.
Dozens were interned in asylums and hundreds afflicted for decades.
It was assumed that the local bread had been unwittingly poisoned with a
psychedelic mold.
But now,
however,
an American investigative journalist has uncovered evidence suggesting that the
CIA peppered local food with a hallucinogenic drugs.
LSD As a party of a mind control experiment.
At the height of the Cold War.
He'd been,
I dunno what the references this is cause this isn't the Telegraph,
the Telegraph,
like the daily mail or is it more legit?
I think it's in between clubs.
Not The Guardian.
Yeah.
Well they have all these scientists,
but they definitely were fucking around with Lsd cointelpro thing.
Oh they did that with,
there's plenty of videos where they did that with the soldiers and that's also
what the Harvard Lsd Studies.
It was what created the Unabomber.
The Unabomber was a part of the Harvard Lsd Studies.
And when they did him after he got dosed up,
he kept,
became a fucking nut.
And that's what happened with him.
Ted Kaczynski Kosinski was in the Harvard LSD studies and that's one of the
things they tried.
There's a documentary on it called the net and a,
it's about that very,
that very situation.
And Ted Kaczynski being a part of the Harvard LSD studies and they don't know
what the fuck they did to those kids.
They dose the shit out of those kids.
And he went from there to become a professor,
a saved up all of his money from school just to be able to buy this cabin in the
woods,
live there and plot the demise of technology.
Yeah,
he became a fucking complete nutter.
I mean,
whether or not it was in neither before that,
who knows.
But the fact
remains is that guy was a part of the Harvard LSD studies and you know,
they're very secretive about what actually went on in those.
Which studies are we talking about it at the divinity school?
Uh,
I'll tell you right now,
Ted Kaczynski,
cause they designed,
they did studies with divinity school students at Harvard and then leary and
Alpert now wronged us,
gave Psilocybin,
I think it was to some of their students,
but relatively light doses as far as I know.
Yeah.
But that's the problem.
When you say that a prize,
what was far as I know,
you know,
I don't know what they did either,
but if I was fucking up a bunch of people's brains and afterwards people came to
interview me,
I'd say relatively small dose.
Have you seen being created a unit bombers or anything?
Have you guys seen that image of Ergot under a microscope and he's seen,
I'm sure.
Have you seen that Joe?
It looks like mushrooms.
That's amazing.
Yeah.
Here it is.
Um,
this is,
uh,
the 1959,
Ted Kaczynski was a,
he was a absolutely a part of it.
80 sophomores.
The administer a series of scales of a questionnaires dealing with various
dimensions of personality,
pick 25 subjects,
some extremely high,
some extremely low,
and some in the middle of each of these scales studied 25 subjects over a year
period by the multiform method of assessment come up with 700 rank orders using
computer obtained clusters of inter correlating correlations factors.
But final decisions are reached after prolonged discussions and reassessments
enormous amounts of data,
which staff analyzes,
interprets and formulates while they're on als.
D does it say anything about LSD?
Yes.
MMM.
This is,
uh,
this is part one of this whole thing.
Oh.
They also,
um,
that no evidence LSD was ever used.
Hold on a second.
This is all very complicated shit apparently.
And it's hard to discern what exactly was going on during this,
uh,
these studies,
by the way,
I just,
I just want to,
I want to put in professors,
I mean to interrupt you while you're looking at it.
I want to put in a good word for the Unabomber.
It's not,
dude,
I'm not convinced,
Jeff,
that he's a nut.
What I think that he took his line of reasoning too far.
Obviously he's killing people.
But we could say the same thing about all sorts of politicians and leaders
around the world who killed people over an idea that they take too far,
but I think is fundamental.
Uh,
argument against civilization has some merit.
I'll just say that.
And then the other thing I wanted to say is there's a difference between
pedophiles and pet arrests.
And it's something I didn't really understand until I started talking about
pedophiles.
And somebody wrote to me and pointed out that a pedophile is someone who has
sexual attraction for people that we consider too young to be appropriate.
Whether that's it 18 or 16 or 12 or whatever,
generally pre pubescent though,
um,
and a pet or rast is someone who acts on it.
Ah,
and there's a,
you know,
that's an important distinction because I remember reading this uh,
thing and Dan savage is column where somebody wrote into him and said,
look,
I'm attracted to kids sexually.
I would never touch a kid.
I,
you know,
but it's in me.
I can't help it.
It's in me.
I,
I want to and I want to get therapy.
I want someone to help me strengthen my resolve.
Never to do this.
But by law,
American therapists have to report you if you express a sexual desire toward
children.
So this guy is a fundamentally prohibited from seeking any help.
There are no like group therapy sessions.
There's no,
if you're that,
you've got that in you.
And we know that,
you know,
the kinks of all sorts get placed in a personality and you can't get it out.
But you can learn to deal with it,
choose how to,
how to enact it or not enacted.
But pedophiles have no opportunity for that.
In Canada they do.
But in the United States they can,
yeah,
they sealed his,
they sealed the records from,
uh,
from Harvard class of 1962.
They sealed all the records on Kaczynski and they won't release him,
but he was absolutely a part of something called the Murray study.
And the Murray study was,
uh,
the Murray Center seals a Kaczynski data is fucking fascinating shit,
man.
They might cook that to his brain.
They might've cooked that dude's brand and created a monster,
but he's,
you're right though.
He sees the future of the industrial society.
That is what he was describing.
You're right.
That he sees like,
oh my God,
this can only go one way.
But in his crate state where he wasn't able to dance and play music,
like Alan Watts suggested,
he was only able to focus on the finish line of the machines taking over the
world.
Yeah.
And he turned into the fire.
He turned into the mom.
Yeah.
He's way bigger monster than the society that he was trying to just,
well what a disservice he did for his message.
Cause now there's,
there's a fucking mail bomb underlining everything he did.
So even if he did it,
even if there was a bunch of good stuffi shit all over his own work,
cause he didn't have the foresight to understand that you can't,
you,
you're using the tools of the people that you're so angry at to try to change
the people you are so angry at like every terrorist,
right?
Yeah.
Well everybody who thinks that they're right,
the net is the documentary,
the Unibomber Lsd and the answer net really fascinating stuff.
I recommend it.
Very interesting.
And,
uh,
you know,
the reality of the United States experiment and whether or not they really did
this with his French town,
I should probably throw that into Snopes.
Right.
Maybe it'll Snopes.
We'll be able to tell me.
That's not true.
Let's,
no,
but um,
Snopes is great.
It's a heartbreaker though sometimes.
Yeah.
But those heartbreaks are important.
Okay.
Brad Snopes did to,
to do,
they must have it.
Oh,
it's just a message board.
The message board is really good.
Tricky.
They haven't,
now that you mentioned it though,
I have read about that and not that that makes it true,
but I have heard about that in the past.
Well,
they do.
I mean we know that the CIA was dosing.
Sure.
A question that they did do it and that's one of the problems with p being a
black and white sort of a person.
Yeah.
Like being a a yes to the government's good or you know,
the government's bad.
You know,
it's,
it's really hard to be either or because there's a lot of crazy shit going on
and I find that a lot of these people that are never willing to entertain any
conspiracy theories at all,
one of the reasons why they do it is because they don't want to be thought of as
a fool.
They want to be a no nonsense person and a no nonsense person.
Almost always sides with the official story.
Right.
They think that there's don sense.
Yeah.
Which is nonsense.
But many,
many times.
You know,
my favorite one is just the,
the idea of the conspiracy of nine 11 you know,
I've had this with many people that or no nonsense type and you say,
do you believe that nine of nine 11 happened?
And if they say yes,
you go,
well then you believe in conspiracies.
Right?
Cause they s who no matter who did that,
that was a fucking conspiracy.
Right.
I forget who I would like to give someone credit for that quote.
I don't remember who it was though.
I think why was one of us,
I think,
I don't know who it was.
It might've been me,
I don't know.
It might've been somebody else,
but I remember that s thinking that for the first time it's like such a great
and elegant way to describe the potential for conspiracy and that people don't
want to look at the potential for conspiracy.
They want to pretend that everything is exactly as CNN tells you.
And other than that,
it's just a bunch of shit that's a little wishy washy to protect terrorism.
Terrorism.
Yeah.
Well or to park.
It's depending on what side of the fence you're on.
You know,
like we're,
you know,
if you're getting cluster bombs dropped on you by robots,
then you're,
that's a terrorist act.
If the most terror,
it's,
I'm a fucking robot that can't even tell whether or not you're the right guy to
go after.
It truly is a terror inducer.
I mean the United States and deuces terror and so many people all the time.
Well,
how about this
latest revelations that they use metadata to find cell phones.
They used the data that says that this is like,
this is,
you know,
your cell phone and they want to get you so they shoot a missile up the cell
phone hoping you're near it.
Like that is one of the most evil indiscriminate acts of destruction and murder
that you could ever possibly engage in.
You don't care if there's babies next to that cell phone playing fucking candy
chase on it or wherever these fucking games are.
The kids play these days,
candy cluster,
whatever it is,
candy crush,
candy crush saga.
You're,
you're just shooting at a phone.
I mean the idea that you just shooting a phone.
Yeah,
that's insane.
Have you seen,
have you,
but if you seem like then you see Obama in between two ferns,
did you see him with his back?
It's in between two ferns.
It's today.
It came out today.
Whoa.
And you just see this really like,
he seemed so affable.
He's like the sweetest murder.
Like you look at him,
I'm like,
God damn it man.
He just seems really hip and cool and like,
but it is interesting how like they've,
they are using,
you know,
they,
they're getting savvy,
you know what I mean?
They're like,
they're really smart about getting their stuff out.
I think it is that cool.
Anything other than the president of the United States when need the president
United States.
It's like,
people say me.
Why don't you say more funny shit when you're hosting fear factor?
Well,
because that wasn't my job.
My job was to show the host fear factor.
His job is to meet the terrible analogy.
I know a factor in the president United States,
but I don't think,
I think he might just,
it might be a good analogy because I think he's a,
he's an actor,
you know,
I think he plays a role and that role is the role of the leader of the free
world.
And I don't think anybody is,
there's,
there's no leader,
there's a bunch of fucking people that influence whoever is in the position that
they call a leader and,
and we don't see them.
Yeah.
And I don't think we're ever going to really get a handle on how the whole thing
is fucking working.
I don't,
I just don't think we will.
But you can get a good indication,
either one or two things about Obama.
We think he's affable and he's very friendly and nice,
which I agree with.
So that's the case.
Why has he done things differently once he got into office then what he said he
would do before he got into office.
Is it because once you've got in there,
he realized that this world is way more fucked and way scarier than anybody
could possibly imagine that it's not inside the White House or is he just being
influenced by some unbelievably powerful machine that he can't do anything
about.
So He's forced to sort of placate these people that got them into positions of
power and do their bidding regardless of what his campaign promises are.
Either option is not good,
but you do look at the economy now and it seems to be doing good.
There's drops.
What?
So who is the stock market's going up?
That's why they say it's good because the stock market's going up.
But you even look at,
you know,
the,
the employment numbers are going up a little bit,
but look at what kind of jobs those are.
They're all low paying jobs.
So,
you know,
it's like they,
they fuck with the metrics to make it,
make the message what they want it to be.
Right.
Well,
it's just,
yeah,
I,
I am not an Obama fan,
not an Obama defender.
It's hard.
I just can't swallow the fact that he's okay,
you know,
blowing up wedding parties and stuff.
Withdrawns and also I,
it's hard for me to swallow the fact that he doesn't have the balls to come out
and maybe you can't,
but I wish he'd like stick up for snowed and it'd be like,
this is a whistleblower.
He did a good thing.
Let's pardon this motherfucker.
You know how about his Po,
his campaign website,
they changed the,
the literature and exactly website cause they kept it up for the longest time,
but it was,
there was a very specific chapter or part about whistle blowers.
Marijuana is becoming legal under his presidency.
Marijuana seems to be becoming a leader.
Is that something that you just can't stop?
I mean at one point in time when,
when is this country going to have an Arab spring moment if they keep fucking
with us and taking away personal liberties is going to come a moment where
people are not gonna want to deal with it anymore.
One of the things,
it's pretty easy to give up on his marijuana because by Golly,
look at what's going on in Colorado.
They're profiting from it.
It's become part of the economy that is always there,
but now it's officially a part where they're paying taxes.
They're making millions of dollars in taxes in Colorado from marijuana since
February.
I mean,
I'll never be an Arab spring here because the powers that be here or too smart,
what they do is every time the pressure builds up too much,
they let out a little pressure by electing,
allowing to be elected,
a cool seeming black dude for example.
Or by allowing the legalization of marijuana for example.
That lets a little pressure things.
I think
at the end of the Bush presidency and with the economic collapse and the people
were angry enough,
you know,
that there was something was going to happen.
So they just,
you know,
like any good negotiator,
give something you can afford to lose to keep the other person from pulling out
of the deal.
I think that's what happens in this country.
I think the mistake that happens in Arab countries or other countries where
their hands are tied by some,
you know,
empire system,
they can't play those games or that they're not predisposed to do that.
They don't want to give up any power.
So I think in this country that's the problem.
We're being numbed by technology.
We think we tweet something,
we've done a revolutionary act,
and every time things really get serious,
they'll give a little same thing in the depression,
right?
Things were really serious.
First they attacked anyone who had anything to do with communism in the 20s the
red scare.
Right.
You know,
then the,
the depression comes along.
They allow Roosevelt to get in there.
He is able to pass some,
some laws,
social security,
you know,
taking care of old people,
dealing with some of the sources of the greatest resentment and anger.
Neutralize those a little bit so we can keep playing the game.
Don't fundamentally restructure any,
we'd have to have massive support of the people that got you in power to
fundamentally restructure things.
And there's no motivation for them to do
right.
They like it the way it is.
Problem that we were talking about earlier with corporations.
They don't act in the interest of human beings yet they're conducted and they're
made out of human beings.
I mean,
they're constructed from human beings and they don't like human beings.
Yeah.
But it's sorta like,
I mean,
and I hate doing this because it's a beautiful,
it it,
it celebrates music.
It's kind of like music,
right?
I mean his music made from guitars and violins and pianos or is music something
else?
I kind of feel like corporations are like that.
They're like some sort of spirit or something that abuse the participants.
Right?
Oh,
that's so weird to like all the people in a corporation or all possessed by the
spirit and they don't even know they're possessed by it,
even though their entire lives are centered around it.
Right.
And they're all so the spirit is manifesting through the corporation and you're
basically seeing like one of the old school deities that people used to worship
way back in the day,
manifesting in a modern way through this organized coven of people who all think
they're doing the right thing or their own little thing or whatever,
and they don't realize that together they form a demon.
Exactly.
It seems
also that everything fucking changes.
I mean if you look at the world,
you look at the universe,
you look at the birth of stars,
stellar nurseries,
you look at hyper Novas,
the death of stars.
You look at all these different things like the whole universe is in a constant
state of change and our idea is that somehow or another winner reached some
point of peace where everything is going to calm down and we can enjoy our,
our society and our golden years and it's never going to happen.
It's going to be in a constant state of Yin Yang,
a push and pull to the,
to the very end to whatever.
I mean the exist existence that we're currently participating in seems to have
those laws pretty from.
The tide goes in,
the tide goes out the fucking planet spinning around the stars and stars
explode.
Eventually the plaids dry up.
Star dust becomes more people,
more people figure out the Adam,
they split that bitch.
They fucked
can start making nuclear weapons.
They shoot to the moon.
They just keeps going on and on and on like an endless cycle of the same thing
happening over and over and over again.
Constantly changing,
constantly moving forward.
Complexifying pulling in and pulling out.
It's complexify.
Yeah.
That's this thing I just read complex of.
If you heard about this,
how complexity doesn't seem to fit in into the idea of a universe cooling down
because of entropy,
which is the opposite.
It kind of flies in the face of everything that things are becoming more and
more complex because what is,
how is things if the energy is running out,
it's things should not complexify.
They should simplify.
Is that correct?
Well,
that's entropy.
Yeah.
It's a rich running down to nothing.
So it doesn't make sense that things are complexifying and there's some kind of
what,
who knows what that means,
but it might indicate that we're like we,
the the,
the flow of time itself,
we're just perceiving it the wrong way.
We're like actually what we think is the past going into the future is actually
the future pouring into the past.
And the thing that's pouring into the past is some kind of super complex Harmon
harmonized thing.
So maybe it is possible Joe,
maybe it is possible.
The great giant orgy,
the entire planet just filled with human somehow sinked up together.
The [inaudible],
not the Borg,
not soulless,
emotionless things,
but somehow we all connect and all of a sudden we're on,
there's the universe is just spitting out you LFOs you're the planet is,
you know,
suddenly we're like spreading through all of space after we've like first
harmonized,
we're changing
machines,
you know,
that's what we are.
We're,
we're a part of this whole gigantic organism that's known as the earth and it's
a part of a gigantic organism known as a solar system,
which is a part of gigantic organism known as the the universe.
I mean,
it's just one piece of the thing and we're changed machines as a Marshall
Mcluhan said,
yeah,
and the Malt Mcluhan said that we are human beings are the sex organs of the
machine world and that's essentially what we're doing.
I mean,
our whole struggle and this desire for achieving things has a lot to do with
that.
It has a lot to do with us being a part of this weird process,
which is why that guy said it was selfish of you not to have kids because he's
spouting the ideology of the machine world of which were the sexual organ.
Yeah.
He's also a Dick Wad wants to get some Brownie points for saying someone else is
wrong.
Why won't you?
Speaking of reading and people getting involved in your business,
why is it that right wingers are so uptight about abortion?
Because most abortions are poor people and you would think their whole thing is,
you know,
demonizing poor people.
So you would think that fewer,
you know,
non white poor
people would be a good thing from a right wing perspective and yet they're
participating in creating more of them by making abortion a problem in this
country.
It's a strange thing I've never understood is a Jesus thing.
They don't want you killing babies and you know,
they look at it that that idea of choice being killing babies and babies are the
greatest things you could ever do.
How could anybody want to kill babies and the problem,
why are they against birth control?
Well,
only the super religious ones are against birth control.
You'd have to get to the Catholics.
It's very rare that you hear politicians talking about not being pro birth
control.
Whoa,
whoa.
Not In.
Not In most of the southern states where they only teach abstinence,
abstinence,
only sex ed in schools.
I think it's pretty rare for someone to actually stand on a platform of being
anti birth control in 2014 whether it's condoms or anything.
I think it's much more prevalent than you think.
Maybe.
I think it's Standard Fox News rhetoric.
Oh is it really?
That's really true.
That's,
that's ridiculous.
No other consequence box per se.
So it's anti pleasure because they don't want people having sex without
consequences.
Did you say Fox News perverts or banging each other?
Guarantee it.
Ah,
Jeez.
Rather embarrassed the bag tag name you do.
All right.
What are your friends?
I wish she's just got to get close to the high.
What am I hate?
Fucking like have you ever or are you
no,
no.
I know you,
I've never understood that the thing like you're fucking someone cause you're
mad at them.
I guess.
Yeah.
That just seems,
I mean
I,
the only time I would entertain the idea would be the Megan,
whatever her name is.
And um,
Sarah Pailin.
You would hate fucks.
They're appealing.
I would,
I wouldn't,
I try to hate fucker,
but I bet I fall in love with her.
I think so.
Sure.
Why not do you think would really appeal to you the most about her?
Cause I bet she's fucking cool.
Oh,
come on.
She's so far from the terror of it all,
man.
It's like,
don't,
don't confuse the persona with a person who knows what's underneath there.
I guarantee she's super charismatic and you did just ended up being like,
God,
this is amazing.
Yeah,
sure.
Fist me.
I don't care.
I want to see what it's like Sarah.
Wow.
Uh,
histamine.
Do you think she fits people well,
that's not how you going,
I was thinking of,
but yeah.
Dagon McCain's Kinda cool.
Actually.
I was thinking of Megan Kelly.
I think the blow,
I know you're thinking of,
she's,
she's very hot,
very like hot and really mean,
mean,
uptight,
like very American kind of.
Yup.
And there's some of those,
um,
the,
the women who do the,
the financial shit,
you know,
they're just so smoking hot and then they opened there.
Is that making it Kelly?
Yeah.
See,
look at that.
She's taught it doesn't even look like the,
she's standing on someone's face right now.
That's her.
I wanna fuck you pose.
A guy's not allowed to do that pose.
By the way.
If you're a newscaster,
I can't sit there with your fucking legs spread open gym shorts.
The blue ones with the white pinstriping.
Do you guys see that thing that where the newscaster says it's in New York and
the guy's like,
keep fucking that chicken.
Have you seen that now?
Oh,
pull that up.
That that is the funniest thing ever.
It's fun to live like 6:00 PM news.
Why does he say keep fucking banter between the guy like the weatherman and the
sports guy?
Oh,
it's like it's less than a minute.
I mean if you pull it up,
I don't want to,
I don't want to talk about it.
Make a mistake.
I have no idea.
That's why I'm asking.
I thought you guys might have chicken.
He says that and you'll see the woman's face when he says it.
The newscaster woman just loses her shit.
That's really fun.
I'm sure if you just Google keep fucking the chicken.
It'll,
it's there.
That's so funny when like people on the news act normal for a second and it
horrifies everyone.
It's really hilarious to see.
Their reaction is tough man.
To make a tender forecast neck.
Okay.
I'll can tell you the last time.
You sure that's real.
I don't think it's real.
I think it's real to Ernie.
Okay.
Yeah.
She'll look at her face.
I think it's surreal.
They apologize.
The apology.
Well,
he just got a little crazy.
Who knows man.
These Weirdo Illuminati people.
They probably do fuck chicken.
Yeah.
Maybe it's like a thing he just didn't want to tell anybody slipped out.
Some of those things are holding the guy.
Rotisserie chicken.
I bet he buys rotisserie chickens and fucks some.
Probably Work Ernie and asked this.
Right,
right.
Keep thinking that chicken.
What does that mean to the,
explain why.
Who Cares about the apology?
We want to know what is it?
What's it reference?
Probably on drugs,
man.
I think they had a conversation before they were on air where the one guy was
talking about fucking chickens and joking about it and then the other guy just
referred to it isn't a chicken the name for like a twink,
isn't it a gay term?
Like a chicken?
No.
Google search.
Let's look it up.
I think it is.
Yeah.
Would you look it up?
You can fuck chickens
where the egg comes out and the sex organs are all in the same hole.
Cox Do not have Cox.
That's a weird thing.
They don't,
they don't.
Yeah,
they,
they have the [inaudible] which is this whole where they're like,
they do what's called a [inaudible] kiss,
where the male and the female will line up their cloaca holes and a little thing
from the,
the,
the sperm shoot out of the male into the female.
Wow.
Can you pull that up please?
Twink it says the term chicken or also preferred down here.
Right?
Highlighted.
They call him chickens.
Chicken or chicken or,
wow.
Look at that.
Poor bastard.
Imagine if you were on Wikipedia and they got a picture of you are a fucking,
who is that guy and old statement?
What you want to know the word twink look,
look up a picture yourself in the dictionary.
It's the name there.
Brent Brent was the best amateur twink performer.
Oh my God.
Well,
so he's proud.
He's proud.
Twink wow.
You gotta be careful,
man.
We could only have twink around ectomorphic build.
You can only have twink around for another couple of years for someone gets
unbelievably offended by it and cause you a piece of shit and LBD cute.
Okay.
I've been living in Portland for like five days at this point and I've already
offended some lesbians.
Yeah,
you're going to overdose on political correctness.
And that's silly town.
So intense up there.
This,
I was sitting in a camper the other night and this woman says,
I remember what it was.
And this woman says,
well that's living in the white man's world.
And I said,
I'm not white.
I'm Irish and that it and get out.
They you're Irish.
I'm Irish.
It's different.
Oh,
I read a fan.
No,
no,
but she was confused by the late night.
Lighten late 19th,
early 20th century,
uh,
in the United States.
And of course in England,
the Irish were considered beneath Africans on the scale of evolved human beings.
That's interesting because they came last to this country.
Is that what it was?
No,
just cause they were like a rougher,
harder to deal with,
you know,
uh,
farted in public a lot things,
you know,
things we all know and love about the Irish.
Um,
but is that a thing for the new public?
No,
I just made that up.
It's certainly a thing happens everywhere.
You know,
I don't think it happens everywhere.
Farting in public or just openly in public.
The Irish people like when I know I'm Joe Drink George Carlin.
Yeah.
Beer crates,
parts cutting farts.
George Carlin had that whole,
that whole thing where he's like,
you know,
how come he talked about the Irish oppression and you know,
don't have jobs for Irish and all that.
But he was like,
what the hell is with the fighting Irish?
You know,
Notre Dame,
the fighting Irish.
I mean,
how is that not offensive?
Right?
Like if you had the,
like the Lazy Mexicans take the field right.
Or The chiseling Jews and he does this
great term.
The Jews,
he's great.
Yeah,
he was awesome.
The best.
That's funny.
Hi Gentlemen.
I think we're a,
we're at three hours.
We had three hours.
These things fucking fly by.
They fly by.
They've been amongst the most popular podcasts that I do.
And I know you guys are saying the same thing.
Well it's pretty good.
The one we did together last time,
I guess mine was the third,
right.
Um,
has twice as many downloads as any other that have been up forever.
And the second is you,
you and me.
The same thing with us.
I mean these,
these podcasts that we have are amongst the highest downloaded ones that we
have.
You know,
the synergistic effect,
the one we did for sure.
It's the most diverse downloads I've heard.
They're really fun.
They're fun,
they're bizarre.
It's very bizarre combination.
I don't know if you guys saw,
I created a page that archives them.
Okay,
cool.
I'm happy to transfer it wherever we decided to do it.
But for the moment it's on a Chris Ryan,
Ph d.com and you'll see tripod cast tab and that's where the first three are
archive.
It's just unlink link that leads back to your site and your site.
We were talking before the podcast started about trying to figure out a name,
but we're not even close old men in the snow.
That was pretty bad ass because of your description of what it is.
Right.
But when people,
is it funny without knowing the story?
No,
you have to tell the story though.
Just tell people to start because I don't think you did while the podcast was
going on.
It was before the pot.
Oh,
we were talking about,
uh,
techniques that a,
that adolescent boys develop the good ones anyway for a not coming and uh,
and like some people like think of baseball stats or whatever.
Just something like nonsexual to get your head away from what you're doing,
which in itself was kind of a weird thing to be,
you know,
you're like having the best experience of your life and you're trying not to
notice.
Nature wants you to come instantly and just shoot a load into a chicken,
make a kid,
and you want to have a good time strategy.
Well,
it goes back to sex at dawn.
It's,
you know,
a sperm competition.
Yes.
Nature has designed you to shoot your load,
get out of the way so the next guy can.
Exactly.
And that's why by the way,
were turned on by seeing gang bangs and dude's fucking a B u.
R.
Yeah.
Anyway,
so my technique was to think about old people trudging through the snow,
like World War II.
You know Crimean refugees trudging through that Russian winter.
It's freezing that.
Yeah,
like that.
Babushka yeah,
exactly.
That makes me not want to come.
Sorry guys,
I can't come now.
That guy's ass hole.
Imagine if that's kind of guy.
Would you live the rest of your life if that guy's ass asshole was permanently
an inch from your face?
Oh,
it is it guy.
Yeah.
What would you do for the rest of your life?
You can live,
you can do everything you want.
You can go like,
fuck you
asshole.
Be like,
no,
right here to the right.
You can move it around.
But it always has to stay like sort of like the,
like the moon is in your orbit.
That guy's ass hole.
He's raw ass.
You know what?
After a week or two you wouldn't even notice it.
Say that I would kill myself.
I would kill myself,
push that guy with me.
I would just,
I didn't enjoy my life.
Fart and in your face,
no asshole.
Ever Lens in the wrong place.
That's what the Buddhists say.
Okay?
Both of you guys and that,
that's Ladies Gentlemen,
that very conversation highlights differences between us.
Okay?
Follow everybody on
Twitter.
Duncan Trussell,
D U N C a n t R U S S E l l n our friend Chris Ryan,
Chris Ryan,
p h d on Twitter.
Chris,
his podcast is tangentially speaking and it's Chris Ryan,
phd.com you can get everything on there and Duncan,
trussell.com Dunkin trusted family hour is his podcasts.
Both are awesome and if you're tired of hearing me,
listen to some of that.
All right,
get in there.
We're also brought to you by 10 and go to Rogan dot ting com.
Enjoy,
awesome cell phone service with none of the bullshit and get 25% off or nobody
would get $25 $25 off of your first ting device when you sign up.
That's rogan.ting.com 25 bucks off your first device.
We are also brought to you by stamps.com go to stamps.com click on the old
school he microphone and enter in the code word j r e for a $110 bonus offer,
which includes free postage,
$55 worth of free postage and a free digital scale and a lot of good shit.
All right.
And we're also brought to you by on it.
That's o n n I t.
Use the codeword Rogan and save 10% off any and all supplements next week.
Got a lot of cool guests coming up,
ladies gentlemen and got duct to Carl Heart's going to be on the podcast.
Matt the terrorists,
Sarah former UFC welterweight champion of the world,
Amber Lyon.
We've got a lot of shit happening and uh,
thanks for tuning in.
Thanks for all the love him.
A good time.
We'll see you in Dallas and a couple of days and fucking savages.
Woo.